{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1187\cocoasubrtf390
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f2\fmodern\fcharset0 CourierNewPSMT;
\f3\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialRoundedMTBold;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\info
{\title HOMER THE ODYSSEY      BOOK ONE      Athena Inspires the Prince}
{\author Emily Wharton}}\margl1319\margr1319\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0

\f0\fs28 \cf0 \
Assignment\
\
1. Other than in this sentence, does the word 
\i sleek 
\i0 ever appear in this document?\
\
2. Other than in this sentence, does the word 
\i bizarre 
\i0 appear in this document? \
\
3. Other than in this sentence does the word 
\i apple 
\i0 appear in this document? \
\
4. Other than in this sentence, does the word 
\i bronze 
\i0 appear in this document? \
\
5. Other than in this sentence, does the word guile appear in this document?\
\
6. Other than in this sentence, does the word robot appear in this document?\
\
7. 
\f1\fs24 insert a page  break after this instruction. You will find this under insert in the edit menu\

\f0\fs28 \
\
HOMER THE ODYSSEY______BOOK ONE______Athena Inspires the Prince\
Sing to me of the man, Muse, the man of_____twists and turns driven time and again off course, once he had plundered the hallowed heights of Troy. Many cities of men he saw and learned their minds, many pains he suffered, heartsick on the_____open sea, fighting to save his life and bring his comrades_____home. But he could not save them from disaster, hard as_____he strovethe recklessness of their own ways destroyed___	__them all,______the blind fools, they devoured the cattle of the_____Sun and the Sungod blotted out the day of their       ____return. Launch out on his story, Muse, daughter_____of Zeus, start from where you willsing for our time too.______ By now, all the survivors, all who avoided_____headlong death were safe at home, escaped the wars and______waves. __ []____?__But one man alone ... his heart set on his wife and his return_____Calypso, the bewitching nymph, the lustrous goddess,_____held him back, deep in her arching caverns, craving him for a______husband.______But then, when the wheeling seasons brought the_____year around, that year spun out by the gods when he should reach   _____his home, Ithacathough not even there would he be free_____of trials, even among his loved onesthen every god___(__took pity, all except Poseidon. He raged_____on, seething against the great Odysseus till he reached his______native land. ______ But now Poseidon had gone to visit the_____Ethiopians worlds away, Ethiopians off at the farthest limits of_____mankind, a people split in two, one part where the_____Sungod sets and part where the Sungod rises. There_____Poseidon went to receive an offering, bulls and rams by the_____hundred  far away at the feast the Sealord sat and    _____took his pleasure. But the other gods, at home in_____Olympian Zeuss halls, met for full assembly there, and among them_____now the father of men and gods was first to speak, sorely troubled,\
remembering handsome___,__Aegisthus, the man Agamemnons son, renowned_____Orees, killed. Recalling Aegisthus, Zeus harangued_____the immortal powers "Ah how shamelessthe way these mortals_____blame the gods. From us alone, they say, come all their___miseries, yes, but they themselves, with their own reckless ways, compound their pains beyond their proper share.   Look at Aegisthus now ...\
above and beyond his share he stole Atrides_____wife, he murdered the warlord coming home from Troy______though he knew it meant his own total ruin. Far in advance we told him so ourselves, dispatching the guide, the giantkiller___(__Hermes. Don't murder the man, he said,_____don't court his wife. Beware, revenge will come from Orees,_____Agamemnons son, that day he comes of age and longs for his_____native land. So Hermes warned, with all the good will in the world, __ but would Aegisthus hardened heart give_____way? Now he pays the priceall at a______single stroke."______And sparklingeyed Athena drove the_____matter home   "Father, son of Cronus, our high and_____mighty king, surely he goes down to a death he earned_____in full! Let them all die so, all who do such things. But my heart breaks for Odysseus, that seasoned veteran cursed by fate so longfar from his loved ones still, he suffers_____torments off on a wavewashed island rising at the  center of the seas. A dark wooded island, and there a goddess_____makes her home, a daughter of Atlas, wicked Titan_____who sounds the deep in all its depths, whose shoulders lift on_____high the colossal pillars thruing earth and sky_____apart. Atlas daughter it is who holds______Odysseus captive,____(__luckless mandespite his tears, forever___)__trying to spellbind his heart with suave,____seductive words and wipe all thought of Ithaca from his mind. But he, straining for no more than a glimpse of hearthsmoke drifting up from his own land,  Odysseus longs to die ...  Olympian Zeus, have you no care for _Ei_him_\\Ei_ in your lofty heart? Did he never win your favor with_____sacrifices burned beside the ships on the broad plain of___(__Troy? Why, Zeus, why so dead set against Odysseus?" "My child," Zeus who marshals the_____thunderheads replied, "what nonsense you let slip through your_____teeth. Now, how on earth could I forget Odysseus?_____Great Odysseus   who excels all men in wisdom, excels_____in offerings too he gives the immortal gods who rule    ___the vaulting skies? No, its the EarthShaker, Poseidon, unappeased, forever fuming against him for the Cyclops whose giant eye he blinded godlike Polyphemus, towering over all the Cyclops clans in power. The nymph Thoosa bore him, daughter of Phorcys, lord of the barren salt seashe met Poseidon once in his vaulted caves and they made love. And now for his blinded son the earthquake godthough he won't quite kill Odysseusdrives him far off course from native land. But come, all of us here put heads together now, work out his journey home so Odysseus can return. Lord Poseidon, I trust, will let his anger go. How can he stand his ground against the will of all the gods at onceone god alone?" Athena, her eyes flashing bright, exulted, "Father, son of Cronus, our high and mighty king! If now it really pleases the blissful gods that wise Odysseus shall returnhome__at lastlet us dispatch the guide and giantkiller  Hermes down to Ogygia Island, down to announce at once to the nymph with lovely braids our fixed decree Odysseus journeys homethe exile_____must return! While I myself go down to Ithaca, rouse his son to a braver pitch, inspire his heart with courage to summon the flowinghaired Achaeans to full assembly, speak his mind to all those suitors, slaughtering on and on his droves of sheep and shambling longhorn cattle. Next I will send him off to Sparta and sandy Pylos, there to learn of his dear fathers journey home. Perhaps he will hear some news and make his name throughout the mortal world." So Athena bowed and under her feet she fastened the supple sandals, everglowing gold, that wing her over the waves and boundless earth with the rush of gusting winds. She seized the rugged spear tipped with a bronze pointweighted, heavy, the massive shaft she wields to break the lines of heroes the mighty Fathers daughter storms against. And down she swept from Olympus craggy peaks and lit on Ithaca, standing tall at Odysseus gates, the threshold of his court. Gripping her bronze spear, she looked for all the world like a stranger now, like Mentes, lord of the Taphians. There she found the swaggering suitors, just then   amusing themselves with rolling dice before the doors, lounging on hides of oxen they had killed themselves. While heralds and brisk attendants bustled round them, some at the mixingbowls, mulling wine and water, others wiping the tables down with sopping sponges, setting them out in place, still other servants jointed and carved the great sides of meat. First by far to see her was Prince Telemachus, sitting among the suitors, heart obsessed with grief. He could almost see his magnificent father, here ... in the minds eyeif only _Ei_he_\\Ei_ might_____drop from the clouds and drive these suitors all in a rout throughout the halls and regain his pride of place and rule his own domains! Daydreaming so as he sat among the suitors, he glimpsed Athena now and straight to the porch he went, mortified \
that a guest might still be standing at the doors. Pausing beside her\
there, he clasped her right hand and relieving her at once of her long_____bronze spear, met her with winged words Greetings, stranger! Here in our house you'll find a royal welcome. Have supper first, then tell us what you need." He led the way and Pallas Athena followed. Once in the highroofed hall, he took her lance and fixed it firm in a burnished rack against a sturdy pillar, there where row on row of spears, embattled Odysseus spears, stood_____stacked and waiting. Then he escorted her to a high, elaborate chair of honor, over it draped a cloth, and here he placed his guest with a stool to rest her feet. But for himself he drew up a low\
reclining chair beside her, richly painted, clear of the press of	suitors, concerned his guest, offended by their uproar, might shrink from food in\
the midst of such a mob. He hoped, whats more, to ask him about his longlost father. A maid brought water soon in a graceful golden pitcher and over a silver basin tipped it out so they might rinse their hands, then pulled a gleaming table to their side. A staid housekeeper brought on bread to serve them, appetizers aplenty too, lavish with her bounty. A carver lifted platters of meat toward_____them, meats of every sort, and set beside them golden cups and time and again a page came round and poured \
them wine. But now the suitors trooped in with all their swagger and took their seats on low and highbacked chairs. Heralds poured water over their hands for______rinsing, serving maids brought bread heaped high in trays and the young men brimmed the mixingbowls with wine. They reached out for the good things that lay at hand, and when they' put aside desire for food and drink the suitors set their minds on other pleasures, song and dancing, all that crowns a feast. A herald placed an ornate lyre in Phemius hands, the bard who always performed among them there they forced the man to sing. A rippling prelude and no sooner had he struck up his rousing song than Telemachus, head close to Athenas sparkling eyes, spoke low to his guest so no one else could hear "Dear stranger, would you be shocked by what I say? Look at them over there. Not a care in the world, just lyres and tunes! Its easy for them, all right, they feed on anothers goods and go scot\'fe freea man whose white bones lie strewn in the_____rain somewhere, rotting away on land or rolling down the oceans salty swells. But that manif they caught sight of him home in Ithaca, by god, they' all pray to be faster on their feet than richer in bars of gold and heavy robes. But now, no use, he\'92 died a wretched death. No comforts left for us ... not even if someone, somewhere, says he\'92 coming home.   The day of his return will never dawn.  Enough. Tell me about yourself now, clearly, point by point. Who are you? where are you from? your city? your parents? What sort of vessel brought you? Why did the sailors land you here in Ithaca? Who did they say they are? I hardly think you came this way on foot! And tell me this for a factI need to knowis this your first time here? Or are you a friend of father\'92s, a guest from the old days? Once, crowds_____of other men would come to our house on visits\'97visitor that he was, when he walked among the living." Her eyes glinting, goddess Athena answered, "My whole_____story, of course,  I'll tell it point by point. Wise old Anchialus was my father. My own name is Mentes, lord of the Taphian men who love their oars.  And here I've come, just now, with ship and crew, sailing the winedark sea to foreign ports of call, to Temese, out for bronzeour cargo gleaming iron. Our ship lies moored off farmlands far from town, riding in Rithron Cove, beneath Mount Nions woods. As for the ties between your father and myself, we've been\
friends forever, I'm proud to say, and he would bear me out if you went and questioned old lord Laertes. He, I gather, no longer ventures into town but lives a life of hardship, all to himself,   off on his farmstead with an aged serving woman who tends him well, who gives him food and drink when weariness has taken hold of his withered limbs from hauling himself along his vineyards steep slopes. And now I've comeand why? I heard that he was back ... your father, that is. But no, the gods thwart his passage. Yet I tell you great Odysseus is not dead. He\'92s still alive, somewhere in this wide world, held captive, out at sea on a wavewashed island, and hard men,     savages, somehow hold him back against his will. \
Wait, I'll make you a prophecy, one the immortal gods have planted in my mindit will come true I think, though I am hardly a seer or know the flights of birds. He won't be gone long from the native land he loves, not even if iron shackles bind your father down. He\'92s plotting a way to journey home___"__at last he\'92 never at a loss. But come, please, tell me about yourself now, point by point. You're truly Odysseus son? You've  sprung up so! Uncanny resemblance ... the head, and the fine eyesI see him now. How often we used to meet in the old days before he embarked for Troy, where other Argive captains,   all the best men, sailed in the long curved ships. From then to this very day I've not set eyes on Odysseus or___\
he on me." And young Telemachus cautiously replied, "I'll try, my friend, to give you a frank answer. Mother has always told me I'm his son, its true, but I am not so certain. Who, on his own,   has ever really known who gave him life? Would to god I' been the son of a happy man whom old age overtook in the midst of his possessions! Now, think of the most unlucky mortal ever bornsince you ask me, yes, they say I am his son." \
"Still," the cleareyed goddess reassured him, "trust me, the gods have not marked out your house for such an unsung future, not if Penelope has borne a son like you. But tell me about all this and spare me nothing. What\'92 this banqueting, this crowd carousing here? And what part do you play yourself? Some wedding feast, some festival? Hardly a potluck supper, I would say. How obscenely they lounge and swagger here, look, gorging in your house. Why, any man of sense who chanced among them would be outraged,   seeing such behavior."  Ready Telemachus took her up at once "Well, my friend, seeing you want to probe and press the question, once this house was\
rich, no doubt, beyond reproach when the man you mentioned still lived here, at_____home. Now the gods have reversed our fortunes with a vengeancewiped that man from the earth like no one else before. I would never have grieved so much about his death if he' gone down\
with comrades off in Troy or died in the arms of loved ones, once he had wound down the long coil of war. Then all united Achaea would have raised his tomb and he' have won his son great fame for years to come. But now the whirlwinds have ripped him away,  no fame for him! He\'92s lost and gone nowout of sight, out of mindand I ... he\'92s left me tears and grief. Nor do I rack my heart and grieve for him alone. No longer. Now the gods have invented other miseries to plague me. Listen. All the nobles who rule the islands round about, Dulichion, and Same, and wooded Zacynthus too, and all who lord it in rocky Ithaca as welldown to the last man they court my mother, they lay waste my house! And mother ... she neither rects a marriage she despises nor can she bear to bring the courting to an end  while they continue to bleed my household white. Soonyou waitthey'll grind me down as well."\
"Shameful!"brimming with indignation, Pallas Athena broke out. "Oh how much you need Odysseus, gone so longhow he\'92d lay hands on all these brazen suitors! If only he would appear, now, at his houses outer gates and take his stand, armed with his helmet, shield and pair of spears, as strong as the man I glimpsed that first time in our own house, drinking wine and reveling there ... just come in from Ephyra, visiting Ilus Mermerus son.  Odysseus sailed that way, you see, in his swift trim ship, hunting deadly poison to smear on his arrows bronze heads. Ilus refusedhe feared the wrath of the everlasting godsbut father, so fond of him, gave him all he wanted. If only _Ei_that_\\Ei_ Odysseus sported with these suitors, a blood wedding, a quick death would take the lot! True, but all lies in the lap of the great gods, whether or not he'll come and pay them back,  here, in his own\
house. But you, I urge you, think how to drive these suitors from your halls. Come now, listen closely. Take my_____words to heart. At daybreak summon the islands lords to full assembly,   give your orders to all and call the gods to witness tell the suitors to scatter, each to his own place. As for your mother, if the spirit moves her to marry, let her go back to her fathers house, a man of power. Her kin will arrange the wedding, provide the gifts, the array that goes with a daughter dearly loved. For you, I have some good advice, if only you will accept it. Fit out a ship with twenty oars, the best in sight, sail in quest of news of your longlost father. Someone may tell you something or you may catch a rumor straight from Zeus, rumor that carries news to men like nothing else.  First go down to Pylos, question old King Nestor, then cross over to Sparta, to redhaired Menelaus, of all the bronze armored Achaeans the last man back. Now, if you hear your fathers alive and      heading home, hardpressed as you are, brave out one more year. If you hear he\'92s dead, no longer among the living, then back you come to the native land you love, raise his gravemound, build his honors high with the full funeral rites that he deservesand give your mother to another husband. \
Then, once you've sealed those matters, seen them through, think hard, reach down deep in your heart and soul for a way to kill these suitors in your house, by stealth or in open combat. You must not cling to your boyhood any longerits time you were a man. Haven't you heard what glory Prince Orees\
won throughout the world when he killed that cunning, murderous Aegisthus, who' killed his famous father? ____?__ And you, my friendhow tall and handsome I see you nowbe_____brave, you too, so men to come will sing your praises down the___.__years. But now I must go back to my swift trim_____ship and all my shipmates, chafing there, I'm_____sure,  waiting for my return. It all rests with you. Take my words to heart." "Oh stranger," heedful Telemachus replied, "indeed I___]__will. You've counseled me with so much kindness now, like a father to a son.\
I won't forget a___,__word. But come, stay longer, keen as you are_____to sail, so you can bathe and rest and lift your spirits, then go back to your ship, delighted with a gift, a prize of honor, something rare and fine as a keepsake from myself.\
The kind of gift a host will give a stranger, friend to friend." Her eyes glinting, Pallas declined___.__in haste "Not now. Don't hold me here. I long to be on my way As for the giftwhatever you' give in_____kindnesssave it for my return so I can take it_____home. Choose something rare and fine, and a good___,__reward that gift is going to bring you." ______ With that promise, __ []______off and away Athena the brighteyed goddess___L__flew like a bird in soaring flight but left his spirit filled with nerve and___o__courage, charged with his fathers memory more than ever now.  He felt his senses quicken, overwhelmed with_____wonderthis was a god, he knew it well and made_____at once for the suitors, a man like a god himself.______ Amidst them still  the famous bard sang on, and they sat in_____silence, listening as he performed The Achaeans Journey_____Home from Troy all the blows Athena doomed them to endure.____\'87__ And now, from high above in her room and deep in thought, she caught his inspired strains ... Icarius daughter Penelope, wary and_____reserved, and down the steep stair from her chamber she    _____descended, not alone two of her women followed_____close behind. That radiant woman, once she reached her_____suitors, drawing her glistening veil across her_____cheeks, paused now where a column propped the_____sturdy roof, with one of her loyal handmaids stationed either_____side.   Suddenly, dissolving in tears and buring through the bards inspired voice, she cried out,_____"Phemius! So many other songs you know to hold us_____spellbound, works of the gods and men that singers celebrate. Sing one of those as you sit beside them here and they\
drink their wine in silence. But break off this songthe unendurable song that always rends the heart inside me ... the unforgettable grief, it wounds me most_____of all! How I long for my husbandalive in memory, always, that great man whose fame resounds through Hellas right to the depths of Argos!"  "Why, mother," poised Telemachus put in sharply, "why deny our devoted bard the chance to entertain us any way the spirit stirs him\
on?  Bards are not to blame Zeus is to blame. He deals to each and every laborer on this earth whatever doom he pleases. Why fault the bard if he sings the Argives harsh fate? Its always the latest song, the one that echoes last in the listeners ears, that people praise the most. Courage, mother. Harden your heart, and listen. Odysseus was scarcely the only one, you know, whose journey home was blotted out at_____Troy. Others, so many others, died there too. So, mother,   go back to your quarters. Tend to your own     ___\'b2__tasks, the distaff and the loom, and keep the women working hard as well. As for giving orders, men will see to that, but I most of all I hold the reins of power in this house." Astonished, she withdrew to her own room. She took to heart the clear good sense in what her son had_____said. Climbing up to the lofty chamber with her women, she fell to weeping for Odysseus, her beloved husband, till watchful Athena sealed her eyes with welcome sleep.______But the suitors broke into uproar through the  shadowed halls, all of them lifting prayers to lie beside her,_____share her bed,____'__until discreet Telemachus took command_____"You suitors who plague my mother, you, you insolent,_____overweening ... for this evening let us dine and take our___~__pleasure, no more shouting now. What a fine thing it is to listen to such a\
bard as we have herethe man sings like a god. ______ But at first light we all march forth to assembly, take our___,__seats so I can give my orders and say to you_____straight out You must leave my palace! See to your feasting elsewhere, devour your own possessions, house to house by turns. But if you decide the fare is better richer here, destroying one mans goods and going scot\'fe_____free, all right then, carve away! But I'll cry out to the everlasting gods in_____hopes that Zeus will pay you back with a vengeance_____all of you destroyed in my house while I go scot\'fe_____free myself!"______So Telemachus declared. And they all_____bit their lips, amazed the prince could speak with so much daring.____)__Eupithes son Antinous broke their    ___)__silence "Well, Telemachus, only the gods_____could teach you to sound so high and mighty! Such brave_____talk. I pray that Zeus will never make _Ei_you_\\Ei_ king_____of Ithaca, though your fathers crown is no doubt yours by birth." But coolheaded Telemachus countered_____firmly "Antinous, even though my words may offend you, I' be happy to take the crown if_____Zeus presents it. You think that nothing worse could befall a man? Its really not so bad to be a king. All_____at once your palace grows in wealth, your honors grow as well. But there are hosts of other Achaean princes, lookyoung and old, crowds of them on our island hereand any one of the lot might hold the throne, now great Odysseus is dead ... But I'll be lord of my own house and servants, all that King Odysseus won for me by force." And now Eurymachus, Polybus_____son, stepped in "Surely this must lie in the gods lap,_____Telemachuswhich Achaean will lord it over seagirr Ithaca. Do hold on to your own possessions, rule your house. God forbid that anyone tear your holdings from your hands while men still live in Ithaca. But about your guest, dear boy, I have some questions. Where does he come from? Wheres his country, his birth, his fathers old estates? Did he bring some news of your father, his_____return? Or did he come on business of his own? How he leapt to his feet and\
off he______went!____No waiting around for proper introductions. And no mean man, not by the\
looks of him,___	__I' say."______"Eurymachus," Telemachus answered  ___.__shrewdly, "clearly my fathers journey home is_____lost forever. I no longer trust in rumorsrumors_____from the bluenor bother with any prophecy, when mother_____calls some wizard into the house to ask him questions. As for the stranger\
though, the mans an old family friend, from___(__Taphos, wise Anchialus son. He says his name is Mentes, lord of the Taphian men who love their oars." _______ So he said____)__but deep in his mind he knew the immortal goddess. Now the suitors turned to dance and song,     to the lovely beat and sway, waiting for dusk to come upon them there ... and the dark night came upon them, lost in_____pleasure. Finally, to bed. Each to his own house.______ Telemachus, off to his bedroom built in the fine_____courtyarda commanding, lofty room set well apartretired too, his spirit swarming with_____misgivings. His devoted nurse attended him, bearing a glowing torch, Eurycleia the daughter of Ops,_____Pisenors son. Laertes had paid a price for the woman    _____years ago, still in the bloom of youth. He traded twenty oxen, honored her on a par with his own loyal wife at home but fearing the queens anger, never shared her bed. She was his grandsons escort now and bore a torch, for she was the one of all the maids who loved the prince the most_she' nursed him as a___,__baby. He spread the doors of his snug, well made room, sat down on the bed and pulled his soft_____shirt off, tossed it into the old womans conscientious_____hands, and after folding it neatly, patting it        _____smooth, she hung it up on a peg beside his corded___"__bed, then padded from the bedroom, drawing the door shut with the silver hook, sliding the doorbolt home with its rawhide strap. There all night long, wrapped in a_____sheeps warm fleece, he weighed in his mind the course Athena charted.\
\
BOOK TWO\
Telemachus Sets Sail\
When young Dawn with her rosered fingers_____shone once more the true son of Odysseus sprang from_____bed and dressed, over his shoulder he slung his wellhoned_____sword, fastened rawhide sandals under his smooth___[__feet and stepped from his bedroom, handsome as a god. At once he ordered heralds to cry out_____loud and clear______and summon the flowinghaired Achaeans_____to full assembly. Their cries rang out. The people filed in_____quickly. When they' grouped, crowding the meeting_____grounds, Telemachus strode in too, a bronze  spear in his grip and not alone two sleek hounds went trotting at his heels. And Athena lavished a marvelous splendor_____on the prince so the people all gazed in wonder as he came_____forward, the elders making way as he took his fathers___)__seat. The first to speak was an old lord,______Aegyptius, __ []____.__stooped with age, who knew the world by heart.______For one dear son had sailed with King_____Odysseus, bound in the hollow ships to the stallionland_____of Troythe spearman Antiphusbut the brutal Cyclops killed him, trapped in his vaulted cave, the last man   _____the monster ate. Three other sons he had one who mixed_____with the suitors, Eurynomus, and two kept working their_____fathers farms. Still, he never forgot the soldier,_____desolate in his grief. In tears for the son he lost, he rose and_____said among them, "Hear me, men of Ithaca. Hear what_____I have to say. Not once have we held assembly, met in___.__session since King Odysseus sailed away in the_____hollow ships. Who has summoned us nowone of the young___.__men,  one of the oldtimers? What crisis spurs_____him on? Some news hes heard of an army on the    _____march, word hes caught firsthand so he can warn us_____now? Or some other public matter he'll_____disclose and argue? Hes a brave man, I' say. God_____be with him, too! May Zeus speed him on to a happy_____end, whatever his heart desires!"  Winning words with a lucky ring. Odysseus son roiced the boy could sit no longerfired up_____to speak, he took his stand among the gathered men. The herald Pisenor,\
skilled in customs ways, put the staff in his hand, and then the prince,    \
addressing old Aegyptius first, led off_____with, "Sir,   that man is not far offyou'll soon see for yourselfI was the one who called us all together. Something wounds me deeply\
... not news I've heard of an army on the_____march, word I've caught firsthand so I can warn you now, or some other public matter disclose and argue. No, the crisis is my own. Trouble has struck my housea double blow. First, I have lost my noble_____father who ruled among you years ago, each of you    _____here, and kindly as a father to his children. ____ __ But now this, __ []____(__a worse disaster that soon will grind my __house down,____,__ruin it all, and all my worldly goods in the bargain. Suitors plague my motheragainst her willsons of the very men who\
are your finest here! They' sooner die than approach her fathers house so Icarius himself might see to his___?__daughters bridal, hand her to whom he likes, whoever meets his fancy. Not theythey infest our palace day and night, they butcher our cattle, our sheep, our     _____fat goats, feasting themselves sick, swilling our glowing___\'89__wine as if theres no tomorrowall of it, squandered. Now we have no man\
like Odysseus in command to drive this curse from the house. We_____ourselves? We're hardly the ones to fight them off.___\uc0\u8232 __All we' do______is parade our wretched weakness. A boy_____inept at battle. Oh I' swing to attack if I had the_____power in me. By god, its intolerable, what they do___"__disgrace, my house a shambles! ______ You should be ashamed yourselves, mortified in the face of neighbors living   _____round about! Fear the gods wrathbefore they wheel in___,__outrage and make these crimes recoil on your___,__heads. I beg you by Olympian Zeus, by Themis_____too, who sets assemblies free and calls us_____into sessionstop, my friends! Leave me alone to pine_____away in anguish ... Unless, of course, you think my noble father_____Odysseus did the Achaean army damage,_____deliberate harm,  and to pay me back you' do me harm,_____deliberately setting these parasites against me. Better_____for me if _Ei_you_\\Ei_ were devouring all my treasure,      _____all my cattleif you were the ones, we' make amends in_____no time. We' approach you for reparations round the_____town, demanding our goods till you' returned the_____lot. But now, look, you load my heart with_____grieftheres nothing I can do!" ______ Filled with anger, down on the ground he dashed the speakers_____scepterburing into tears. Pity seized the___	__assembly.________ []____|__All just sat there, silent ... no one had the heart to reply with\
harshness. Only Antinous, who found it in himself       _____to say, "So high and mighty, Telemachussuch___q__unbridled rage! Well now, fling your accusations at _Ei_us?_\\Ei_ Think to pin the\
blame on _Ei_us?_\\Ei_ You think_____again. Its not the suitors here who deserve the_____blame, its your own dear mother, the matchless queen of_____cunning. Look here. For three years now, getting_____on to four, shes played it fast and loose with all our_____hearts, building each mans hopesdangling promises, dropping hints_____to eachbut all the while with something else in mind.     This was her\
latest masterpiece of guile______she set up a great loom in the royal_____halls and she began to weave, and the weaving finespun, the yarns endless,\
and she would lead us on_____Young men, my suitors, now that King Odysseus is_____no more, go slowly, keen as you are to marry me,___I__until I can finish off this web ... so my weaving won't all fray and come_____to nothing. This is a shroud for old lord Laertes, for_____that day when the deadly fate that lays us out at last  a_____will take him down. I dread the shame my countrywomen would_____heap upon me, yes, if a man of such wealth should lie in_____state without a shroud for cover. _______ Her very words,______and despite our pride and passion we_____believed her. So by day she' weave at her great and growing_____webby night, by the light of torches set beside___,__her, she would unravel all she' done. Three_____whole years she deceived us blind, seduced us with this scheme_____... Then, when the wheeling seasons brought the_____fourth year on, one of her women, in on the queens        a_____secret, told the truth and we caught her in the actunweaving her_____gorgeous web. So she finished it off. Against her will. We___\uc0\u8232 __forced her.______Now Telemachus, here is how the______suitors answer _Ei_you_________[]_\\Ei_____\'87__you burn it in your mind, you and all our people send your mother back!\
Direct her to marry whomever her father picks, whoever pleases_____her. So long as she persists in tormenting us, quick to exploit the gifts\
Athena gave_____hera skilled hand for elegant work, a fine_____mind and subtle wiles toowe've never      a_____heard the like, not even in old stories sung of all_____Achaeas wellcoifed queens who graced the years_____gone by Mycenae crowned with garlands, Tyro and______Alcmena ... Not one could equal Penelope for intrigue but in this case she\
intrigued beyond all_____limits. So, we will devour your worldly goods and wealth______as long as _Ei_she_\\Ei_ holds out, holds to that___\uc0\u144 __course the gods have charted deep inside her heart. Great renown she wins for\
herself, no doubt, great loss for you in treasure. We'll not   a___Y__go back to our old estates or leave for other parts, not till she weds the\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0

\f2\fs20 \cf0 Argive man she___	__fancies."__ \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0

\f0\fs28 \cf0 But with calm good sense Telemachus even more      a when mother, leaving her own house behind, calls down herwithering Furies on my I\'92ll pay you back with a vengeancelashing each other, tearing cheekssilence for them the one who outperformed all men of his time at reading birdsigns, sounding out the omens, rose and spoke, distraught for each many too for the rest of us whothese men, or let them stop themselves. Better for them that way, by far. I myself am no stranger to prophecyI can seean"readingtoo. We' have escaped your droning prophecies then and the way you've loosed the dogs of this boys anger your eyes peeled for a housegift he might give you. Heres _Ei_my_Ei_ prophecy, bound to come        to pass. If you, you old codger, wise as the ages, talk him round, incite the boy to riot,oured as always, mercilessly_no reparations, ever ... not while the queen drags out our hopes to wedlltive land I love, raise his gravemound, build his honorscommitted hissteadfast and secure. With deep concern for the realm, he rose andthat godlike man, and kindly as a father to his children I don' grudge these arrogantof you, how you rouse myb paltry few as they are and you so many." yearning. Here on the spot he' meet a humiliating end if he fought against suchgood long while, Ine so long, is ever coming home Only if you were not his stock, Penelopesfew surpass them. But you, brave and adept from this day onOdysseus cunning has hardly given out in you there' every hope that you will reach your goal. Put them out of your mind, these suitorsthe sea_____at once" And so Athena, daughter of Zeus,      assured him. No lingering nowhe heard the goddess_____voicebut back he went to his house with aching______heart______and there at the palace found the brazen_____suitors skinning goats in the courtyard, singeing_____pigs for roasting. Antinous, smiling warmly, sauntered up_____to the prince, grasped his hand and coaxed him, savoring his_____name "Telemachus, my high and mighty,_____fierce young friend, no more nursing those violent words and actions______now. __ ____.__Come, eat and drink with us, just like the old_____days. Whatever you want our people will provide. A    ship and a picked crew to speed you to holy_____Pylos, out for the news about your noble father." But self-possessed Telemachus_____drew the line "Antinous, now how could I dine with you in_____peace and take my pleasure? You ruffians___;__carousing here Isn' it quite enough that you, my mothers_____suitors, have ravaged it all, my very best, these many_____years, while I was still a boy? But now that I'_____fullgrown and can hear the truth from others, absorb it_too now, yes, that the anger seethes inside me   I'll stop at nothing to hurl destruction_____at your heads, whether I go to Pylos or sit tight here_____at home. But the trip I speak of will not end in_____failure. Go I will, as a passenger, nothing more, since I don' seem to command my own_____crew. That, I' sure, is the way that suits you be." ______ With this he nonchalantly drew his hand from_____Antinous hand while the suitors, busy feasting in the_____halls, mocked and taunted him, flinging insults_____now. "God help us," one young buck kept     __shouting, "he wants to slaughter us all Hes off to sandy Pylos to hire____cutthroats, even Sparta perhaps, so hot to have our heads. Why, he' rove as far as Ephyras_____dark rich soil and run back home with lethal poison,_____slip it into the bowl and wipe us out with drink"___"Who knows?" another young blade up and_____ventured. "Off in that hollow ship of his, he just might drown, far from his friends, a drifter like his father. What a bore He' double our work for us,   splitting up his goods, parceling out his house to his mother and the man who weds the queen." So they scoffed __ but Telemachus headed down to his fathers' storeroom, broad and vaulted, piled high with gold and_____bronze, chests packed with clothing, vats of redolent_____oil. And there, standing in close ranks against the_____wall, were jars of seasoned, mellow wine, holding_____the drink______unmixed inside them, fit for a god,_____waiting the day Odysseus, worn by hardship, might come_____home again. Doors, snugly fitted, doubly hung,  were bolted shut and a housekeeper was in charge by night and_____dayher care, her vigilance, guarding all those_____treasuresEurycleia the daughter of Ops,_____Pisenors son. Telemachus called her into the storeroom___.__"Come, nurse, draw me off some wine in smaller_____traveling jars, mellow, the finest vintage you've been keeping, next to what you reserve for our unlucky king in case Odysseus might drop in from the_____blue and cheat the deadly spirits, make it home.   Fill me an even dozen, seal them tightly. Pour me barley in wellstitched leather_____bags, twenty measures of meal, your stoneground best. But no one else must know. These rations now, put them all together. I'll pick them up_____myself, toward evening, just about the time that mother climbs to her room and thinks of turning_____in. I' sailing off to Sparta, sandy Pylos too, for news of my dear fathers journey home. Perhaps I'll catch some rumor." A wail of grief and his fond old nurse burst out in         protest, sobbing "Why, dear child, what craziness got into your_____head? Why bent on rambling over the face of the earth?______a darling only son Your fathers worlds_____away, gods own Odysseus, dead in some_____strange land. And these brutes here, just wait, the moment_____you're gone they'll all be scheming against you. Kill you _by guile, they will, and carve your birthright up in_____pieces. No, sit tight here, guard your own things_____here. Don' go roving over the barren salt_____sea____ le____no need to suffer so"  "Courage, old woman,"       thoughtful Telemachus tried to reassure her, "theres a god who made this plan. But swear you won' say anything to my mother.   Not till ten or a dozen days have passed or she misses me herself and learns I'_____gone. She mustn' mar her lovely face with_____tears."______The old one swore a solemn oath to the___\'8b__gods and vowing she would never breathe a word, quickly drew off wine in two_eared jars and poured barley in wellstitched leather     bags. Telemachus returned to the hall and joined_____the suitors.______Then brighteyed Pallas thought of one more_____step. Disguised as the prince, the goddess roamed_____through town, pausing beside each likely crewman, giving_____orders "Gather beside our ship at nightfallbe_____there."_______She asked No\uc0\u129 emon, Phronius_____generous son, to lend her a swift ship. He gladly_____volunteered.____,__The sun sank and the roads of the world grew_____dark. Now the goddess hauled the swift ship_____down to the water, stowed in her all the tackle wellrigged    _____vessels carry, moored her well away at the harbors very_____mouth and once the crew had gathered, rallying round, she heartened everyman.______Then brighteyed Pallas thought of one_____last thing. Back she went to King Odysseus_____halls and there she showered sweet oblivion over the suitors,______dazing them as they drank, knocking cups from_____hands. No more loitering now, their eyes weighed_____down with sleep, they rose and groped through town to find their beds. But calling the prince outside his timbered halls, taking the build and voice of Mentor___.__once again, flashing-eyed Athena urged him on______"Telemachus, __ ______your comrades at arms are ready at the_____oars, waiting for your command to launch. So come, on with our voyage now,we're wasting______time."____"__And Pallas Athena sped away in the______lead____'__as he followed in her foot steps, man and goddess. Once they reached the ship at the waters_____edge they found their longhaired shipmates on the beach. The prince, inspired, gave his first commands   "Come, friends,get the rations aboard They're piled in the palace now. My mother knows nothing of this. No servants_____either. Only one has heard our plan."  He led them back and the men fell in and fetched down all the_____stores and stowed them briskly, deep in the well\'fe___'__ribbed holds as Odysseus son directed._____Telemachus climbed aboard. Athena led the way, assuming the pilots_____seat reserved astern, and he sat close beside_____her.   Cables cast off, the crew swung to the      ___.__oarlocks. Brighteyed Athena sent them a stiff_____following wind rippling out of the west, ruffling over the wine\'fe_____dark sea as Telemachus shouted out commands to all his_____shipmates "All lay hands to tackle" They_____sprang to orders, hoisting the pinewood mast, they stepped it_____firm in its block amidships, lashed it fast with_____stays and with braided rawhide halyards hauled the_____white sail high. Suddenly wind hit full and the canvas_____bellied out and a dark blue wave, foaming up at the_____bow, sang out loud and strong as the ship made     _____way, skimming the whitecaps, cutting toward her_____goal.  All running gear secure in the swift_____black craft, they set up bowls and brimmed them high with wine and poured libations out to the everlasting gods who never die to Athena first of all, the daughter of Zeus with flashing sea gray eyes and the ship went plunging all night long and______through the dawn.\
\
BOOK THREE\
King Nestor Remembers\
As the sun sprang up, leaving the_____brilliant waters in its wake, climbing the bronze sky to shower light on___;__immortal gods and mortal men across the plowlands ripe with_____grain the ship pulled into Pylos, Neleus_____storied citadel, where the people lined the beaches,   sacrificing sleek  black bulls_____to Poseidon, god of the sea blue mane who shakes the___,__earth. They sat in nine divisions, each five hundred strong, each division offering up nine bulls, and while the people tasted the innards, burned the thighbones for the god, the craft and crew came heading straight_____to shore. Striking sail, furling it in the balanced ship, they moored her well and men swung down_____on land. Telemachus climbed out last, with Athena_____far in front and the brighteyed goddess urged the prince______along__ "Telemachus, no more shyness, this is not the_____time We sailed the seas for this, for news of your_____fatherwhere does he lie buried? what fate_____did he meet? So go right up to Nestor, breaker of_____horses. We'll make him yield the secrets of    _____his heart. Press him yourself to tell the whole truth he'll never lie the man is far too______wise."______The prince replied, wise in his own_____way too, "How can I greet him, Mentor, even_____approach the king? I' hardly adept at subtle_____conversation. Someone my age _Ei_might_Ei_ feel shy, whats_____more,   interrogating an older man." ____;__ "Telemachus," the bright eyed goddess Athena reassured him, "some of the words you'll find within yourself, the rest some power will inspire you to say.        You least of allI know born and reared without the gods good will."____"__And Pallas Athena sped away in the___,__lead as he followed in her footsteps man and_____goddess gained the place where the Pylians met and_____massed. There sat Nestor among his sons as friends_____around them decked the banquet, roasted meats and_____skewered strips for broiling. As soon as they saw the strangers, all_____came crowding down, waving them on in welcome, urging them_____to sit.______Nestors son Pisistratus, first to reach   _____them, grasped their hands and sat them down at the_____feast on fleecy throws spread out along the sandbanks, flanking his brother Thrasymedes and his father. He gave them ashare of innards, poured_____some wine in a golden cup and, lifting it warmly_____toward Athena, daughter of Zeus whose shield is storm and_____thunder, greeted the goddess now with an invitation "Say a prayer to lordPoseidon,_____stranger, his is the feast you've found on your arrival. But once you've madeyour libation and your     ______prayer______\'82__all according to ancient customhand this cup   of hearty, seasoned wineto your comrade here so he can pour forth too. He too, I___\'9b__think, should pray to the deathless ones himself. All men need the gods ...but the man is younger, just about my age. Thats why I give the gold cupfirst_____to you." ______ With that Pisistratus placed in her hand the cup of_____mellow wine and Pallas roiced at the princes sense_____of tact in giving the golden winecup first to her.        At once sheprayed intensely_____to Poseidon "Hear me, Sealord, you who embrace the___.__earthdon' deny our wishes, bring our prayers_____to pass First, then, to Nestor and all his sons_____grant glory. Then to all these Pylians, for their_____splendid rites  grant a reward that warms their gracious_____hearts. And last, Poseidon, grant_____Telemachus and myself safe passage home, the mission_____accomplished that sped us here in our rapid black ship."____,__So she prayed, and brought it all         _____to pass. She offered the rich twohandled cup_____to Telemachus, Odysseus son, who echoed back her_____prayer word for word. They roasted the prime cuts, pulled them_____off the spits and sharing out the portions, fell to the royal___'__feast. Once they' put aside desire for_____food and drink, old Nestor the noble charioteer began, at______la______"Nows the time, now they've enjoyed their___\'88__meal, to probe our guests and find out who they are. Strangersfriends, whoare you? Where did you sail from, over the running       _____sealanes? Out on a trading spree or roving the_____waves like pirates, seawolves raiding at will, who risk their___ __lives to plunder other men?" Poised Telemachus answered, filled with heart, the heart Athena herself inspired, to ask for the news about his father, gone so long, and make his name throughout the mortal world. "Nestor, son of Neleus,Achaeas pride and glorywhere are we from, you ask? I will tell you all. We hail from Ithaca, under the heights of Nion. Our mission here is personal, nothing public now. I am on the trail of my fathers widespread fame, you see, searching the earth to catch some news of great hearted King Odysseus who, they_____say, fought with you to demolish Troy some years ago. About all the rest who fought the Trojans there, we know where each one died his wretched death, but father ... even his death the son of Cronus shrouds it all in mystery. No one can say for certain where he died, whether he went down on land at enemy hands   or out on the open sea in Amphitrites___\'ec__breakers. Thats why I've come to plead before you now, if you can tell meabout his cruel death   perhaps you saw him die with your own eyes or heard the wanderers end from someone else. More than all other men, that man was born for pain. Don't soften a thing, from pity, respect for me tell me, clearly, all your eyes have witnessed. I beg you if ever my father, lord Odysseus, pledged you his word and made it good in action     once on thefields of Troy where you___?__Achaeans suffered, remember his story now, tell _Ei_me_Ei_ the_____truth."______Nestor the noble charioteer replied at___.__length "Ah dear boy, since you call back such_____memories, such living hell we endured in distant___,__Troywe headrong fighting forces of Achaea______so many raids from shipboard down the foggy_____sea, cruising for plunder, wherever Achilles led the___'__way; so many battles round King Priams_____walls we fought, so many gone, our best and bravest fell.    a There Ajaxlies, the great man of war. __ ______There lies Achilles too. There Patroclus, skilled as the gods in_____counsel. And there my own dear son, both strong and_____staunch, Antilochuslightning on his feet and every___?__inch a fighter But so many other things we suffered, past that_____countwhat mortal in this wide world could tell it______all?______Not if you sat and probed his memory,_____five, six years, delving for all the pains our brave_____Achaeans bore there. Your patience would fray, you' soon head   a_____for home ...______Nine years we wove a web of disaster_____for those Trojans, pressing them hard with every tactic known_____to man, and only after we slaved did Zeus award_____us victory. And no one there could hope to rival___I__Odysseus, not for sheer cunningat every twist of strategy he excelled us_____all. Your father, yes, if you are in fact his son___'__... I look at you and a sense of wonder_____takes me. Your way with wordsits just like hisI'___?__swear  no youngster could ever speak like you, so apt, so   _____telling. As long as I and great Odysseus_____soldiered there, why, never once did we speak out at_____odds, neither in open muster nor in royal_____council forever one in mind, in judgment balanced,_____shrewd, we mapped our armies plans so things_____might turn out best. But then, once we' sacked King_____Priams craggy city, Zeus contrived in his heart a fatal_____homeward run for all the Achaeans who were fools, at___\'86__least, dishonest too, so many met a disastrous end, thanks to the lethal rage of the mighty Fathers daughter. Eyes afire, Athena set them feuding, Atreus two___,__sons ... They summoned all the Achaean ranks_____to muster, rashly, just at sunsetno hour to rally_____troopsand in they straggled, sodden with wine, our_____heroes. The brothers harangued them, told them why_____they' met a crisisMenelaus urging the men to fix______their minds __ ______on the voyage home across the seas_____broad back, but it brought no joy to Agamemnon, not at_____all. He meant to detain us there and offer victims, anything to appease Athenas dreadful______wrath______poor fool, he never dreamed Athena would_____not comply. The minds of the everlasting gods don'_____change so quickly. So the two of them stood there, wrangling,_____back and forth till the armies sprang up, their armor_____clashing, ungodly uproarthe two plans split the ranks. That_____night we barely slept, seething with hard feelings against our own_____comrades, for Zeus was brooding over us, poised_____to seal our doom ... At dawn, half of us hauled our_____vessels down to sea, we stowed our plunder, our sashed and lovely women. But half the men held back, camped on___.__the beach, waiting it out for Agamemnons next_____commands while our contingent embarked  we pushed off and sailed at a fastclip as a god smoothed out the huge troughing___.__swells. We reached Tenedos quickly, sacrificed_____to the gods, the crews keen for home, but a quick return___,__was not in Zeuss plans, not yet that cruel power loosed a cursed feud on us once again. Some swung their rolling warships hard about Odysseus sailed them back, the flexible, wily king, veering over to Agamemnon now to shore his fortunes up. But not I. Massing the ships that came in my flotilla, I sped away as the gods mischief kept on brewing, dawning on me now. And Tydeus fighting son Diomedes fled too, rousing all his_____comrades.  Late in the day the red haired Menelaus___.__joined us, overtook us at Lesbos, debating the_____long route home whether to head north, over the top of rocky_____Chios, skirting Psyrie, keeping that island off to port or run south of Chios, by Mimas gusty cape. We asked the god for a sign. He showed us one, he urged us to cut out on the middle passage, straight to Euboea now, escape a catastrophe, fast as we could______sail __ ____ __A shrilling wind came up, stiff,_____driving us on______and on we raced, over the sea lanes_____rife with fish and we made Geraestus Point in the dead_____of night. Many thighs of bulls we offered_____Poseidon there thank god we' crossed that endless reach of  ___,__sea. Then on the fourth day out the crews of Diomedes, breaker of horses, moored their balanced_____ships at Argos port, but I held course for_____Pylos, yes, and never once did the good strong wind go_____limp from the first day the god unleashed its blast.______And so, dear boy, I made it home from_____Troy, in total ignorance, knowing nothing of their___"__fates, the ones who stayed behind______who escaped with their lives and who went_____down. But still, all I've gathered by hearsay, sitting here in my own house that you'll learn, its_____only right, I'll hide nothing now. They say the Myrmidons, those savage spearmen led by the shining son of lionhearted Achilles, traveled_____home unharmed. Philoctetes the gallant son of Poias, safe as well. Idomeneus brought his whole contingent back___,__to Crete, all who' escaped the war the sea snatched none from him. But Atreus son Agamemnon ... you_____yourselves, even in faroff Ithaca, must have heard how he returned, how Aegisthus hatched the kings horrendous death.   But what a price he paid, in blood, in_____suffering. Ah how fine it is, when a man is brought_____down, to leave a son behind Orees took_____revenge, he killed that cunning, murderous___.__Aegisthus, who' killed his famous father. And you, my friendhow tall and handsome I see you nowbe_____brave, you too, so men to come will sing your praises down the_____years."____"__Telemachus, weighing the challenge_____closely, answered, "Oh Nestor, son of Neleus,_____Achaeas pride and glory, what a stroke of revenge that was All   ___\'9b__Achaeans  will spread Orees fame across the world, a song for those tocome. If only the gods would arm me in such power I' take revenge on the lawless,_____brazen suitors riding roughshod over me, plotting reckless_____outrage. But for me the gods have spun out no such_____joy, for my father or myself. I must bear up, thats all." ______ And the old charioteer replied, "Now that you mention it, dear boy,I do_____recall a mob of suitors, they say, besets your  b_____mother there in your own house, against your will, and plots your ruin. Tell me, though, do you let yourself be so abused, or do people round about, stirred up by the prompting of some god, despise you now?______Who knows if he will return someday to take_____revenge on all their violence? Singlehanded perhaps or with an Argive armyat his back? If only the brighteyed goddess chose to love you just as she lavished care onbrave Odysseus, years ago in the land of Troy where we Achaeans      struggled I've never seen the immortals show so much affection as Pallas openly showed _Ei_him,_Ei_ standing by your father if only she' favor you, tend you with all_____her heart, many a suitor then would lose all thought of_____marriage, blotted out forever." ______ "Never, your majesty," Telemachus countered gravely, "that will_____never come to pass, I know. What you say_____dumbfounds me,  staggers imagination Hope, hope as I_____will, that day will never dawn ... not even if the gods should will it so."______ "Telemachus"               b Pallas Athena broke in sharply, her eyes afire "What\'92s this nonsense slipping through your teeth? Its light work for a willing god to save a______mortal even half the world away. Myself, I'd rather sail through years oftrouble and labor home and see that blessed day, than hurry home to die at myown hearth like Agamemnon, killed by Aegisthus cunningby his own_____wife. But the great leveler, Death not even the______gods______can defend a man, not even one they love,   _____that day when fate takes hold and lays him out at_____last." ______ "Mentor," wise Telemachus said, "distraught as we_____are for him, lets speak of this no more. My fathers___,__return? Its inconceivable now. Long ago the___\uc0\u143 __undying gods have sealed his death, his black doom. But now theres anotherquestion I would put to Nestor Nestor excels all men for sense and___\u128 __justice, his knowledge of the world. Three generations he has ruled, they say, and to my young eyes he seems a deathless god Nestor, son of Neleus, tell me the_____whole storyhow did the great king Agamemnon meet his______death?______Where was Menelaus? What fatal trap_____did he set, that treacherous Aegisthus, to bring down a___'__man far stronger than himself? Was Menelaus gone from Achaean Argos, rovingthe world somewhere, so the coward found the nerve to kill the king?"______And old Nestor the noble charioteer_____replied "Gladly, my boy, I'll tell you the_____story first to last ... Right you are, you guess what would have happened  if red-haired Menelaus, arriving back___'__from Troy, had found Aegisthus alive in_____Agamemnons palace. No barrow piled high on the earth for _Ei_his_Ei____;__dead body, no, the dogs and birds would have feasted on his___.__corpse, sprawled on the plain outside the city_____gates, and no one,   no woman in all Achaea, would have wept_____a moment, such a monstrous crime the man contrived But there we were, camped at Troy,______battling out __ ______the long hard campaign while he at his_____ease at home, in the depths of Argos, stallion country  _____he lay siege to the wife of Agamemnon, luring, enticing_____her with talk. At first, true, she spurned the idea of_____such an outrage, Clytemnestra the queen, her will was_____faithful still. And there was a man, what;s more, a bard_____close by, to whom Agamemnon, setting sail for_____Troy, gave strict commands to guard his wife. But_____then,  that day the doom of the gods had bound her_____to surrender, Aegisthus shipped the bard away to a_____desert island, marooned him there, sweet prize for the_____birds of prey, and swept her off to his own house, lover    lusting for lover. And many thighbones he burned on the gods_____holy altars, many gifts he hung on the temple walls gold, brocades in thanks for a conquest past his maddest_____hopes. ______ Now we, you see, were sailing home from Troy in the_____same squadron, Menelaus and I, comrades in arms from_____years of war. But as we rounded holy Sounion, Athens headland, lord Apollo attacked Atrides helmsman, aye,   with his gentle shafts he shot the man___.__to deathan iron grip on the tiller, the craft scudding fast Phrontis, Onetors son, who       _____excelled all men alive at steering ships when gales bore down in___,__fury. So Menelaus, straining to sail on, was_____held back till he could bury his mate with fitting_____rites. But once he' got off too, plowing the_____wine dark sea in his ribbed ships, and made a run_____to Maleas beetling cape, farseeing Zeus decided to give the man_____rough sailing, poured a hurricane down upon him,_____shrilling winds, giant, rearing whitecaps, monstrous,_____mountains high. There at a stroke he cut the fleet in_____half and drove  one wing to Crete, where Cydonians make  _____their homes along the Iardanus River. Now, theres_____a sheer cliff plunging steep to the surf at the farthest edge_____of Gortyn, out on the mibound sea, where the South_____Wind piles breakers, huge breakers, left of the headlands___'__horn, toward Phaestos, __ ______with only a low reef to block the crushing_____tides. In they sailed, and barely escaped their_____deaththe ships crews, that isthe rollers smashed their hulls against the_____rocks. But as for the other five with pitchblack______prows,______the wind and current swept them on toward Egypt.____ __So Menelaus, amassing a hoard of_____stores and gold, was off cruising his ships to foreign ports of_____call while Aegisthus hatched his vicious work_____at home. Seven years he lorded over Mycenae rich___'__in gold, once he' killed Agamemnonhe_____ground the people down. But the eighth year ushered in his ruin,_____Prince Orees home from Athens, yes, he cut him down,_____that cunning, murderous Aegisthus, who' killed his_____famous father. Vengeance done, he held a feast for the_____Argives, to bury his hated mother, craven Aegisthus  too, the very day Menelaus arrived, lord of the_____war cry, freighted with all the wealth his ships could_____carry. ______ So you, dear boy, take care. Don' rove from_____home too long, too far, leaving your own holdings unprotected crowds in your palace so brazen they'll carve up all your wealth,devour_____it all, and then your journey here will come to nothing. Still I advise you,urge you to visit Menelaus. He\'92s back from abroad at last, from people so_____removed you might abandon hope of ever returning home, once the winds had driven you that far off_____course, into a sea so vast not even cranes could wing_____their way   in one years flightso vast it is, so_____awesome ...____,__So, off you go with your ships and shipmates_____now. Or if you' rather go by land, theres team and_____chariot, my sons at your service too, and they'll_____escort you to sunny Lacedaemon, home of the red haired king. Press him yourself to tell the whole truth he'll never lie the man is far too_____wise." ______ So he closed as the sun set and darkness swept across the    _____earth and the brighteyed goddess Pallas spoke for___,__all "There was a tale, old soldier, so well_____told.  Come, cut out the victims tongues and_____mix the wine, so once we've poured libations out to the_____Sealord and every other god, we'll think of sleep._____High timethe lights already sunk in the western_____shadows. Its wrong to linger long at the gods___"__feast; we must be on our way." ______ Zeuss daughter they all hung closely on every word she_____said. Heralds sprinkled water over their hands for rinsing, the young men brimmed the mixing bowls with wine, they tipped firstdrops for the god in every cup then poured full rounds for all. They rose___.__and flung the victims tongues on the fire and______poured libations out.____.__When they' poured, and drunk to their hearts_____content, Athena and Prince Telemachus both_____started up to head for their ship at once. But Nestor held them there, oecting_____strongly "Zeus forbid and the other deathless gods as well that you resort to your ship and put my house   _____behind like a rank paupers\'92 without a stitch of clothing, no piles of rugs, no blankets in his place for host and guests to slumber soft in comfort. Why, I've plenty of fine rugs and_____blankets here. No, by god, the true son of my good friend_____Odysseus won' bed down on a ships deck, not_____while I' alive or my sons are left at home to host_____our guests,  whoever comes to our palace, newfound friends."______ "Dear old man, you're right," Athena exclaimed, her eyes_____brightening now. "Telemachus should oblige you. Much the better way. Let him follow you now, sleep in your halls, but I'll go back to our trim black______ship, __ hearten the crew and give each man his orders. I'm the only veteran in their ranks, I tell you. All the rest, of an age with brave Telemachus, are younger men who sailed with him as friends. I'll bed downthere by the dark hull tonight, at dawn push off for the proud Cauconians. Those people owe me a debt long overdue, and no mean sum, believe me.  But you, seeing my friend is now your guest, speed him onhis way with a chariot and your_____son and give him the finest horses that you have, bred for stamina, trainedto race the wind."______With that the brighteyed goddess winged away in an eagles form and flight. Amazement fell on all the Achaeans there. The old king, astonished by what he' seen, grasped Telemachus handand cried out to the_____prince, "Dear boy never fear you'll be a coward or defenseless, not if at your young age the gods will guard you so. Of all who dwell on Olympus, this was_____none but she,______Zeuss daughter, the glorious one, his_____third born, who prized your gallant father among the_____Argives. Now,  Queen, be gracious Give us_____high renown, myself, my children, my loyal wife and queen. And I will makeyou a sacrifice, a_____yearling heifer broad in the brow, unbroken, never yoked_____by men. I'll offer it up to youI'll sheathe its______horns in gold."____'__So he prayed, and Pallas Athena     _____heard his prayer. And Nestor the noble chariot driver led them_____on, his sons and sons in law, back to his_____regal palace. Once they reached the storied halls of the_____aged king____'__they sat on rows of low and highbacked_____chairs. As they arrived the old man mixed them all_____a bowl, stirring the hearty wine, seasoned eleven___.__years before a servant broached it, loosed its______seal. __ ______Mulling it in the bowl, old Nestor poured a libation out, praying hard toPallas_____Athena, daughter of Zeus whose shield is storm and  ______thunder.______Once they had poured their offerings,___;__drunk their fill, the Pylians went to rest, each in his own___'__house. But the noble chariot driver let_____Telemachus,____ __King Odysseus son, sleep at the___.__palace now, on a corded bed inside the echoing_____colonnade, with Prince Pisistrauts close beside him___\u144 __there, the young spearman, already captain of armies, though the last son still unwed within the halls. The king retired to chambers deep in his_____lofty house where the queen his wife arranged and shared their   ______bed.______When young Dawn with her rosered fingers_____shone once more old Nestor the noble chariotdriver_____climbed from bed, went out and took his seat on the polished_____stones, a bench gening white, rubbed with glossy_____oil, placed for the king before his looming doors.______There Neleus held his sessions years_____ago, a match for the gods in counsel, but his fate had long since forced himdown___,__to Death. Now royal Nestor in turn, Achaeas___A__watch and ward, sat there holding the scepter while his       _____sons, coming out of their chambers, clustered round him, hovering nearEchephron, Stratius,_____Perseus and Aretus, Thrasymedes like a god, and_____sixth, young lord Pisitratus came to join their_____ranks. They escorted Prince Telemachus in_____to sit beside them. Nestor, noble charioteer, began the_____celebration "Quickly, my children, carry out my wishes now so I may pleasethe gods, Athena first of______all______she came to me at Poseidons flowing_____feast, Athena in all her glory               Now someone go to the fieldsto fetch a_____heifer, lead her here at oncea herdsman_____drive her in. Someone hurry down to Prince_____Telemachus black ship __ ____,__and bring up all his crewmen, leave just two_____behind. And another tell our goldsmith, skilled___\'8b__Laerces, to come and sheathe the heifers horns in gold. The rest stay here together. Tell the maids inside the hall to prepare a sumptuous_____feastbring seats and firewood, bring pure_____water too."______They all pitched in to carry out his orders. The heifer came from the fields, the_____crewmen came from brave Telemachus ship, and the smith_____came in with all his gear in hand, the tools of his_____trade, the anvil, hammer and wellwrought tongs_____he used for working gold. And Athena came as well to attend her sacred rites.The old horseman passed the gold to the_____smith, and twining the foil, he sheathed the heifers_____horns so the goddess eyes might dazzle,_____delighted with the gift. Next Stratius and Echephron led the beast by the horns. Aretus, coming up from the storeroom, brought_____them lustral water filling a flowerbraided_____bowl,  in his other hand, the barley in a basket. Thrasymedes, staunch incombat, stood_____ready, whetted ax in his grasp to cut the heifer_____down, and Perseus held the basin for the blood. Now Nestor the old charioteerbegan the_____rite. Pouring the lustral water, scattering___,__barleymeal, he lifted up his ardent prayers_____to Pallas Athena, launching the sacrifice, flinging onto the    ___.__fire the first tufts of hair from the victims______head.______Prayers said, the scattering barley___'__strewn, suddenly Nestors son impetuous___.__Thrasymedes strode up close and struckthe ax_____chopped   the neck tendons through ______ and the blow stunned the heifers strength ______ The women shrilled their cry, Nestors daughters, sons wives andhis_____own loyal wife __ _______Eurydice, Clymenus eldest_____daughter. Then, hoisting up the victims head from the trampled earth, they held her fast as the captain of men Pisistratus slashed  eaj_____her throat. Dark blood gushed forth, life ebbed from her_____limbsthey quartered her quickly, cut the thighbones_____out and all according to custom wrapped them round in_____fat, a double fold sliced clean and topped with______strips of flesh.______And the old king burned these over dried_____split wood and over the fire poured out gening wine while young men athis side held five pronged forks. Once they' burned the bones and tasted the_____organs, they sliced the rest into pieces, spitted_____them on skewers and raising points to the fire, broiled all  _____the meats._______During the ritual lovely Polycaste, youngest daughter of Nestor, Neleus son, had bathed Telemachus. Rinsing him off now, rubbing him down with oil, she drew a shirt and handsome cape around him. Out of his bath he stepped, gening like a_____god, strode in and sat by the old commander Nestor.______They roasted the prime cuts, pulled them off the spits and sat down to the feast while ready stewards___,__saw to rounds of wine and kept the gold cups_____flowing. When they' put aside desire for food   _____and drink, Nestor the noble chariotdriver issued_____orders "Hurry, my boys Bring Telemachus horses, a good fullmaned teamhitch them to a chariothe must be off at______once."______They ened closely, snapped to his_____commands and hitched a rapid team to a chariots_____yoke in haste. A housekeeper stowed some bread and wine______aboard____'__and meats too, food fit for the sons of_____kings. Telemachus vaulted onto the splendid_____chariotright beside him Nestors son              Pisistratus, captain of armies, boarded, seized the_____reins, whipped the team to a run and on the horses______flew, __ holding nothing back, out into open country, leaving the heights of Pylosfading in their_____trail, shaking the yoke across their shoulders all day long.____,__The sun sank and the roads of the world grew_____dark as they reached Phera, pulling up_____to Diocles halls,   the son of Ortilochus, son of the_____Alpheus River. He gave them a royal welcome; there______they slept the night.______When young Dawn with her rosered fingers   _____shone once more they yoked their pair again, mounted the_____blazoned car and out through the gates and echoing colonnade they whipped theteam to a run and on they___\u144 __flew, holding nothing backand the princes reached the wheatlands, strainingnow for journeys end, so fast those purebred stallions raced them_____on as the sun sank and the roads of the world grew dark\
\
BOOK FOUR\
The King and Queen of Sparta\
At last they gained the ravines of Lacedaemon ringed by hills  and drove up to the halls of Menelaus in_____his glory. They found the king inside his palace,______celebrating with throngs of kinsmen a double weddingfeast for his son andlovely daughter. The___.__princess he was sending on to the son of great Achilles, breaker of armies. Years ago Menelaus_____vowed, he nodded assent at Troy and pledged her_____hand and now the gods were sealing firm the_____marriage. So he was sending her on her way with team and chariot, north to the Myrmidons famous city_____governed by her groom. From Sparta he brought Alectors daughter as the bride for his own full grown son, the hardy Megapenthes, born to him by a slave. To Helen the gods_____had granted no more offspring once she had borne her______first child, the breathtaking Hermione, a luminous beauty gold as Aphrodite.______ So now they feasted within the grand, highroofed palace, all the kin and clansmen of Menelaus in his___a glory, reveling warmly here as in their midst an inspired bardsang out and struck his lyreand through them a pair of tumblers dashed and_____sprang, whirling in leaping handsprings, leading on the dance.  The travelers, Nestors shining son and Prince Telemachus, had brought themselves and their horses to a standstill just outside the court when good lord Eteoneus, passing through the gates now, saw them there, and the ready aide in arms of Menelaus took the message through his sovereigns_____halls and stepping close to his master broke the news "Strangers have just arrived, your majesty, Menelaus. Two men, but they look like kin of mighty_____Zeus himself. Tell me, should we unhitch their team for them or send them to someone free to host them well?"______The red haired king took great offense_____at that   "Never a fool before, Eteoneus, son of_____Bo\uc0\u129 ethous, now I see you're babbling like a child Just think of all thehospitality _Ei_we_Ei______enjoyed at the hands of other men before we made it_____home, and god save us from such hard treks in       _____years to come. Quick, unhitch their team. And bring them in, strangers,guests, to share our flowing feast." Back through the halls he hurried, calling out to other brisk attendants to follow quickly. They loosed the sweating team from under the yoke, tethered them fast by reins inside the horse stalls, tossing feed at their hoofs, white barley_____mixed with wheat, and canted the chariot up against the polished_____walls,  shimmering in the sun, then ushered in their______guests, __ __ __into that magnificent place. Both struck    _____by the sight, they marveled up and down the house of the warlord_____dear to Zeusa radiance strong as the moon or rising_____sun came flooding through the highroofed halls of illustrious_____Menelaus. Once they' feasted their eyes with gazing at_____it all, into the burnished tubs they climbed and_____bathed. When women had washed them, rubbed them down_____with oil and drawn warm fleece and shirts around their_____shoulders, they took up seats of honor next_____to Atrides Menelaus.   A maid brought water soon in a graceful golden pitcher and over a silver basin tipped it out         so they might rinse their hands, then pulled a gleaming table to their side. Astaid housekeeper brought on bread_____to serve them, appetizers aplenty too, lavish with her_____bounty. As a carver lifted platters of meat_____toward them, meats of every sort, and set before them golden_____cups, the red haired king Menelaus greeted both_____guests warmly "Help yourselves to food, and welcome_____Once you've dined we'll ask you who you are. But your parents blood is hardly lost in you. You must be born of    kings, bred by the gods to wield the royal______scepter.______No mean men could sire sons like you."____A__ With those words he passed them a fat rich loin with his own___-__hands, the choicest part, that he' been served himself. They reached for thegood things that lay outspread and when they' put aside desire for food_____and drink, Telemachus, leaning his head close_____to Nestors son, spoke low to the prince so no one else could_____hear "Look, Pisistratus joy of my heart, my friend the sheen of bronze, the blaze of gold and    _____amber, silver, ivory too, through all this echoing___'__mansion Surely Zeuss court on Olympus_____must be just like this, the boundless glory of all this wealth inside______My eyes dazzle ... I am struck with______wonder."______But the red haired warlord overheard his guest and cut in quickly with winged words for both "No man alive could rivalZeus, dear boys, with his everlasting palace and possessions. But among men, I mustsay, few if any could rival _Ei_me_Ei_ in riches. Believe me,    much I suffered,many a mile I roved___.__to haul such treasures home in my ships. Eight_____years out, wandering off as far as Cyprus,___;__Phoenicia, even Egypt, I reached the Ethiopians, Sidonians,___A__ErembiansLibya too, where lambs no sooner spring from the womb_____than they grow horns.  Three times in the circling year the ewes_____give birth. So no one, neither king nor shepherd could_____want for cheese or mutton, or sweet milk_____either, udders swell for the sucklings round the year.______But while I roamed those lands, amassing  _____a fortune, a stranger killed my brother, blind to the_____danger, duped blind thanks to the cunning of his cursed, murderous queen So I rule all this wealth with no great___\u142 __joy. You must have heard my story from your fathers, whoever they are what hardships I endured, how I lost this handsome palace built for the_____ages, filled to its depths with hoards of gorgeous things. Well, would to god I' stayed right here in_____my own house with a third of all that wealth and they were still_____alive, all who died on the wide plain of Troy  _____those years ago, far from the stallionland of Argos. ______ And still, much as I weep for all my men, grieving_____sorely, time and again, sitting here in the royal_____halls, now indulging myself in tears, now brushing_____tears awaythe grief that numbs the spirit gluts us_____quicklyfor none of all those comrades, pained as I_____am, do I grieve as much for one ... that man who makes sleep hateful, even_____food, as I pore over his memory. No one,_____no Achaean______labored hard as Odysseus labored or   a_____achieved so much. And how did his struggles end? In suffering______for that man; __ ______for me, in relentless, heartbreaking grief_____for him, lost and gone so long now dead or alive,_____who knows? How they must mourn him too, Laertes,_____the old man, and selfpossessed Penelope. Telemachus as well, the boy he left a babe in arms at_____home." Such memories stirred in the young prince a deep desire_____to grieve for Odysseus. Tears streamed down his cheeks______and wet the ground when he heard his fathers name, both hands clutching his purple robe before his eyes. Menelaus recognized him at once but pondered whether to let him state his fathers name or probe him first andprompt him step by step.______While he debated all this now within himself, Helen emerged from her scented, lofty chamber striking as Artemis with her golden_____shaftsand a train of women followed ... Adreste drew up her carved reclining chair, Alcippe brought a carpet of softpiled_____fleece, Phylo carried her silver basket given  _____by Alcandre,____ __King Polybus wife, who made his_____home in Egyptian Thebes where the houses overflow with the greatest troves_____of treasure. The king gave Menelaus a pair of_____bathingtubs in silver, two tripods, ten bars of gold, and apart_____from these his wife presented Helen her own_____precious gifts a golden spindle, a basket that ran on_____casters, solid silver polished off with rims of_____gold. Now Phylo her servant rolled it in beside_____her, heaped to the brim with yarn prepared for weaving; the spindle swathedin violet wool lay   a_____tipped across it. Helen leaned back in her chair, a stool_____beneath her feet, and pressed her husband at once for each_____detail   "Do we know, my lord Menelaus, who our_____visitors claim to be, our welcome new___,__arrivals? Right or wrong, what can I say? My___?__heart tells me to come right out and say I've never seen such a___.__likeness, neither in man nor womanI' amazed______at the sight. __ ______To the life hes like the son of great___.__Odysseus, surely hes Telemachus The boy that_____hero left a babe in arms at home when all you      a_____Achaeans fought at Troy, launching your headlong_____battles just for _Ei_my_Ei_ sake, shameless whore that I______was." "My dear, my dear," the red haired king assured her, "now that you mention it, I see the likeness_____too ... Odysseus feet were like the boys, his_____hands as well, his glancing eyes, his head, and the fine shock_____of hair. Yes, and just now, as I was talking about_____Odysseus, remembering how he struggled, suffered, all_____for me, a flood of tears came streaming down his_____face and he clutched his purple robe before his eyes."  Right you are"Pisistratus stepped in quickly"son of Atreus, King Menelaus captain of armies here is the son of that great hero, as you say. But the man is modest, he would be ashamed   to make a show of himself, his firsttime here, and interrupt you. We delight in your_____voice as if some god were speaking The noble horseman Nestor sent me_____along to be his escort. Telemachus yearned___;__to see you, so you could give him some advice or urge   _____some action. When a fathers gone, his son takes much_____abuse in a house where no one comes to his_____defense. So with Telemachus now. His fathers gone. No men at home willshield him from the world."  "Wonderful" the red haired king cried_____out. "The son of my dearest friend, here in my own_____house That man who performed a hundred feats of_____arms for me.  And I swore that when he came I'_____give him a heros welcome, him above all my comradesif only___;__Olympian Zeus, farseeing Zeus, had granted us both      a_____safe passage home across the sea in our swift trim___,__ships. Why, I' have settled a city in Argos______for him, __ __ le____built him a palace, shipped him over from_____Ithaca, him and all his wealth, his son, his people too emptied one of the cities nestling round about_____us, one I rule myself. Both fellow countrymen then, how often we' have mingled side by side Nothing could have parted us,______bound by love for each other, mutual_____delight ... till deaths dark cloud came shrouding     _____round us both. But god himself, jealous of all this, no_____doubt, robbed that unlucky man, him and him alone, of the day of his return."______ So Menelaus mused and stirred in them all a deep desire___,__to grieve. Helen of Argos, daughter of Zeus,_____dissolved in tears, Telemachus wept too, and so did_____Atreus son Menelaus. Nor could Nestors son Pisistratus_____stay dryeyed, remembering now his gallant brother_____Antilochus, cut down by Memnon, splendid son of the_____Morning. Thinking of him, the young prince broke out    "Old Nestor always spoke of you, son of Atreus,  as the wisest man of all the men he knew, whenever we talked aboutyou there at home, questioning back and forth. So now, please, if it isn'tout of place, indulge me,_____won't you? Myself, I take no joy in weeping over supper. Morning will soon bring time enough for that. Not that I' grudge a tear for any man gone down to meet his fate. What other tribute can we pay to wretched  _____men than to cut a lock, let tears roll_____down our cheeks? And I have a brother of my own among the_____dead, and hardly the poorest soldier in our_____ranks. You probably knew him. I never met_____him, never saw him myself. But they say he outdid our______best,______Antilochus lightning on his feet and every______inch a fighter"______"Well said, my friend," the red haired_____king replied. "Not even an older man could speak and do as______well. Your fathers son you are your words have all his_____wisdom. Its easy to spot the breed of a man whom  _____Zeus has marked for joy in birth and marriage_____both. Take great King Nestor now Zeus has blessed him, all his livelong___.__days, growing rich and sleek in his old age at_____home, his sons expert with spears and full of______sense.______Well, so much for the tears that caught us just_____now; lets think again of supper. Come, rinse_____our hands. Tomorrow, at dawn, will offer me and_____Telemachus time to talk and trade our thoughts in full."______Asphalion quickly rinsed their hands with water, another of King Menelaus ready aides in arms. Again they reached for the good things set before them. Then Zeuss daughter Helen thought of_____something else. Into the mixingbowl from which they drank their wine she slipped a drug, heartsease, dissolving anger, magic to make us all forget our pains. No one who drank it deeply, mulled in wine,   could let a tear roll down his cheeks that_____day, not even if his mother should die, his father die, not even if rightbefore his eyes some enemy      _____brought down a brother or darling son with a sharp bronze_____blade. So cunning the drugs that Zeuss daughter___.__plied, potent gifts from Polydamna the wife of Thon, a woman of Egypt, land where the teeming soil bears the richest yield of herbs in all the___\'9b__world many health itself when mixed in the wine, and many deadly poison.Every man is a healer there, more skilled than any other men on earth_Egyptians_____born of the healing god himself. So now Helen,   once she had drugged the wine and ordered winecups filled,  resuming the conversation, entertained the group "My royal kingMenelauswelcome_____guests here, sons of the great as well Zeus can______present us times of joy and times of grief in turn all lies within his power. Socome, lets sit back in the palace___\'8b__now, dine and warm our hearts with the old stories. I will tell somethingperfect for the occasion. Surely I can' describe or even     _____ them all, the exploits crowding fearless Odysseus_____record, but what a feat that hero dared and carried off in the land of Troy where you Achaeans_____suffered Scarring his own body with mortifying_____strokes,   throwing filthy rags on his back like any_____slave, he slipped into the enemys city, roamed_____its streetsall disguised, a totally different man, a_____beggar, hardly the figure he cut among_____Achaeas ships. Thats how Odysseus infiltrated_____Troy, and no one knew him at all ...         b I alone, I spotted him forthe man he___.__was, kept questioning him the crafty one kept_____dodging. But after I' bathed him, rubbed him down with_____oil, given him clothes to wear and sworn a binding_____oath not to reveal him as Odysseus to the_____Trojans, not till he was back at his swift ships and_____shelters,______then at last he revealed to me, step_____by step, the whole Achaean strategy. And once___.__he' cut a troop of Trojans down with his long_____bronze sword, back he went to his comrades, filled with   _____information. The rest of the Trojan women shrilled their_____grief. Not I my heart leapt up ______ my heart had changed by now______ I yearned to sail back home again I grieved too_____late for the madness Aphrodite sent me, luring me there, far_____from my dear land, forsaking my own child, my bridal bed, my_____husband too, a man who lacked for neither brains nor______beauty." And the red haired Menelaus answered_____Helen "There was a tale, my lady. So well___;__told. Now then, I have studied, in my time, __ __ le____the plans and minds of great ones by the        _____score. And I have traveled over a good part of the world but never once haveI laid eyes on a_____man like himwhat a heart that fearless Odysseus had_____inside him What a piece of work the hero dared and_____carried off in the wooden horse where all our best_____encamped, our champions armed with bloody death for_____Troy ... when along you came, Helen roused, no______doubt,______by a dark power bent on giving Troy some_____glory, and dashing Prince Deiphobus squired your every step. Three times you sauntered round our hollow   _ambush, feeling, stroking its flanks, challenging all our fighters, calling each_____by name yours was the voice of all our longlost_____wives And Diomedes and I, crouched tight in the midst with great Odysseus, hearing you singing out, were both keen to spring up and sally forth or give you a sudden answer from inside, but Odysseus damped our ardor, reined us_____back. Then all the rest of the troops kept_____stockstill, all but Anticlus. He was hot         to salute you now______but Odysseus clamped his great hands on the_____mans mouth and shut it, brutallyyes, he saved us_____all, holding on grimset till Pallas______Athena lured you off at last."_______But clearsighted Telemachus_____ventured, "Son of Atreus, King Menelaus,___captain of armies, so much the worse, for not one bit of that saved _Ei_him_Ei_ from grisly death ... not even a heart of iron could have helped. But come, sendus off to bed. Its time to rest, time to enjoy the sweet relief of sleep." And Helen briskly told her serving women to make beds in the porchs shelter, lay___a__down some heavy purple throws for the beds themselves,  and over them spreadsome blankets, thick_____woolly robes, __ ______a warm covering laid on top. Torches_____in hand, they left the hall and made up beds at_____once. The herald led the two guests on and so they___.__slept outside the palace under the forecourts colonnade, young Prince Telemachus and Nestors shining son. Menelaus retired to chambers deep in his_____lofty house with Helen the pearl of women loosely______gowned beside him.______When young Dawn with her rosered fingers______shone once more______the lord of the war cry climbed from bed and_____dressed, over his shoulder he slung his wellhoned_____sword, fastened rawhide sandals under his smooth___\u129 __feet, stepped from his bedroom, handsome as a god, and sat beside Telemachus,asking, kindly, "Now, my young prince, tell me what_____brings you here to sunny Lacedaemon, sailing over the     _____seas broad back. A public matter or private? Tell______me the truth now."______And with all the poise he had,_____Telemachus replied, "Son of Atreus, King Menelaus,___\}__captain of armies, I came in the hope that you can tell me now some newsabout my father. My house is being devoured, my rich______farms destroyed,______my palace crammed with enemies,_____slaughtering on and on my droves of sheep and shambling longhorn_____cattle. Suitors plague my motherthe insolent,___\'f7__overweening ... Thats why I've come to plead before you now, if you can tell me about his cruel death perhaps you saw him die with your own eyesor heard the wanderers end from someone else. More than all other men, that man was born for___.__pain. Don' soften a thing, from pity, respect_____for metell me, clearly, all your eyes have_____witnessed. I beg you if ever my father, lord_____Odysseus, pledged you his word and made it good in action once on the fieldsof Troy where you___?__Achaeans suffered, remember his story now, tell _Ei_me_Ei_ the_____truth." ______ "How shameful"                the red haired king burst out in anger._____"Thats the bed of a brave man of war they' like to crawl_____inside, those spineless, craven cowards Weak as the doe that beds down herfawns in a mighty lions den her newborn sucklings then trails off to the mountain spurs and_____grassy bends to graze her fill, but back the lion comes_____to his own lair and the master deals both fawns a ghastly_____bloody death, just what Odysseus will deal that mob_____ghastly death. Ah if only Father Zeus, Athena and    lord Apollo that man who years ago in the games at_____Lesbos  rose to Philomelides challenge,___\u141 __wrestled him, pinned him down with one tremendous throw and the Argivesroared with joy ... if only _Ei_that_Ei_ Odysseus sported with those_____suitors, a blood wedding, a quick death would take the_____lot But about the things you've asked me, so_____intently, I'll skew and side step nothing, not deceive_____you, ever. of all he told methe Old Man of the_____Sea who never liesI'll hide or hold back nothing, not a  _____single word.______It was in Egypt, where the gods still_____marooned me, eager as I was to voyage home ... I'___.__failed, you see, to render them full, flawless_____victims,   and gods are always keen to see their rules_____obeyed. Now, theres an island out in the oceans_____heavy surge, well off the Egyptian coast they call it Pharos far as a deep sea ship can go in one days___\u144 __sail with a whistling wind astern to drive her on. There\'92s a snug harbor there, good landing beach where crews pull in, draw water up from the dark wells then push their vessels off for passage out. But here the gods becalmed me twenty days_____... not a breath of the breezes ruffling out to sea that speed a ship acrossthe oceans broad_____back. Now our rations would all have been consumed, our crews stamina too,if one of the_____gods had not felt sorry for me, shown me______mercy,____________\'ad__Eidothea, a daughter of Proteus, that great power, the Old Man of theSea. My troubles must have moved her to the heart     daj when she met metrudging by myself without my_____men. They kept roaming around the beach, day in,_____day out, fishing with twisted hooks, their bellies_____racked by hunger. Well, she came right up to me, filled with_____questions Are you a fool, strangers oft in the_____head and lazy too? Or do you let things slide because you _Ei_like_Ei_ your___.__pain? Here you are, cooped up on an island far_____too long, with no way out of it, none that you can find, while all yourshipmates\'92 spirit ebbs______away.____________So she prodded and I replied at___,__once, Let me tell you, goddess whoever you_____areI' hardly landlocked here of my own_____free will. So I must have angered one of the deathless gods who rule the skies up there. But you tell me you immortals know it allwhich one  of you blocks my way here, keeps me from my_____voyage? How can I cross the swarming sea and reach_____home at last?____'__And the gening goddess reassured me_____warmly, Of course, my friend, I'll answer___?__all your questions. Who haunts these parts? Proteus of      _____Egypt does, the immortal Old Man of the Sea who_____never lies,______who sounds the deep in all its depths,_____Poseidons servant. He\'92s my father, they say, he gave me_____life. And he, if only you ambush him somehow and pin him_____down, will tell you the way to go, the stages of your_____voyage, how you can cross the swarming sea and reach_____home at last. And he can tell you too, if you want_____to press him you are a king, it seems all thats occurred within your palace,good and_____bad, while you've been gone your long and painful   ______way.______Then you are the oneI quickly took_____her up. Show me the trick to trap this ancient______power, or he'll see or sense me first and_____slip away. its hard for a mortal man to force a______god.______True, my friend, the gening one_____agreed, and again I'll tell you all you need to know. When the sun stands striding at high noon, then up from the waves he comes the Old Man of the Sea who never lies under a West Winds gust that shrouds him    _____round in shuddering dark swells, and once hes out_____on land he heads for his bed of rest in deep hollow_____caves and around him droves of seals sleek_____pups bred by his lovely ocean lady bed down too in a huddle, flopping upfrom the gray_____surf,  giving off the sour reek of the salty ocean_____depths. I'll lead you there myself at the break of day and couch you all for attack, side by side. Choose three men from your crew, choose_____well, the best you've got aboard the good decked    _____hulls. Now I will tell you all the old wizards_____tricks ... First he will make his rounds and count the seals and once heschecked their number,_____reviewed them all, down in their midst he'll lie, like a_____shepherd with his flock. Thats your moment. Soon as you see him_____bedded down, muster your heart and strength and hold him_____fast, wildly as he writhes and fights you_____to escape.______He'll try all kinds of escape_____twist and turn into every beast that moves across the earth, transforminghimself into water, superhuman     ___,__fire, but you hold on for dear life, hug him_____all the harder And when, at last, he begins to ask you_____questionsback in the shape you saw him sleep at_____firstrelax your grip and set the old god_____free and ask him outright, hero, which of the gods is up in arms against you?How can you cross the swarming sea and reach_____home at last?____,__So she urged and under the breaking surf she______dove as I went back to our squadron beached in_____sand, my heart a heaving storm at every step ...   d once I reached my shiphauled up on___,__shore we made our meal and the godsent night_____came down and then we slept at the seas smooth_____shelving edge. When young Dawn with her rosered fingers_____shone once more I set out down the coast of the wideranging___\{__sea, praying hard to the gods for all their help, taking with me the threemen I trusted most on every kind of mission. ______ Eidothea, now, had slipped beneath the seas engulfing folds butback from the waves she came with four     _____sealskins, all freshly stripped, to deceive her father blind.______She scooped out lurkingplaces deep in_____the sand and sat there waiting as we approached her_____post, then couching us sidebyside she flung a_____sealskin over each mans back. Now there was an_____ambush that would have overpowered us all over powering, true, the awful reek of all those sea fed_____brutes Who' dream of bedding down with a monster of the_____deep? But the goddess sped to our rescue, found the cure with ambrosia, daubing it under each mans   _____nosethat lovely scent, it drowned the___?__creatures stench. So all morning we lay there waiting, spirits_____steeled, while seals came crowding, jostling out of the______sea______and flopped down in rows, basking along the_____surf. At high noon the old man emerged from the___.__waves and found his fat fed seals and made his_____rounds, counting them off, counting _Ei_us_Ei_ the first four, but he had no inkling of all the fraud_____afoot. Then down he lay and slept, but we with a___;__battlecry, we rushed him, flung our arms around him he's lost nothing, the old rascal, none of his cunning quick_____techniques First he shifted into a great bearded lion and then a serpent_______ a panther ____'__ a ramping wild boar_________a torrent of water ______ a tree with soaring branchtopsbut we held on for dear life, bravingit___\'d9__out until, at last, that quickchange artist, the old wizard, began to wearyof all this and burst out into rapidfire questions Which god, Menelaus,conspired with you to trap me in ambush? seize me against my  _____will? What on earth do you want?  You know, old man, I countered now. Why put me off with_____questions? Here I am, cooped up on an island far_____too long, with no way out of it, none that I can find, while my spirit ebbsaway. But you tell_____meyou immortals know it allwhich one of you blocks my way here, keeps me from my_____voyage? How can I cross the swarming sea and reach_____home at last? How wrong you were the seer shot back at once. You should have offered Zeus and the other gods    ahandsome sacrifice, _Ei_then_Ei_ embarked, if_____you ever hoped for a rapid journey home across the wine dark sea. Its not your destiny yet to see your loved_____ones, reach your own grand house, your native land_____at last, not till you sail back through Egyptian waters the great Nile swelled by the rains of Zeus and make a splendid rite to the deathless___,__gods who rule the vaulting skies. Then, only_____then will the gods grant you the voyage you______desire.______So he urged, and broke the heart       e_____inside me, having to double back on the mibound seas, back to Egypt, that,that long and painful_____way ... Nevertheless I caught my breath and_____answered, That I will do, old man, as you command. But tell me this as well,and leave out_____nothing Did all the Achaeans reach home in the_____ships unharmed, all we left behind, Nestor and I, en_____route from Troy? __ ______Or did any die some cruel death_____by shipwreck or die in the arms of loved ones, once they' wound down thelong coil of     war? And he lost no time in saying, Son_____of Atreus, why do you ask me that? Why do you need to know? Why probe my mind? You won't stay dry eyed long, I warn you, once you have heard the whole story. Many of them were killed, many survived as_____well, but only two who captained your bronze armored units died on the way homeyou know who died in_____the fighting, you were there yourself. ______ And one is still alive, held captive, somewhere, off in the endless______seas ...____.__Ajax, now, went down with his long oared fleet. First Poseidon drove him onto the cliffs of Gyrae,____'__looming cliffs, then saved him from the_____breakers he'd have escaped his doom, too,_____despite Athenas hate, if he hadn' flung that brazen boast, the_____mad blind fool. "In the teeth of the gods," he bragged,_____"I have escaped the oceans sheer abyss" Poseidon_____heard that frantic vaunt and the god grasped his trident in both his_____massive hands and struck the Gyraean headland, hacked the_____rock in two, and the giant stump stood fast but the jagged_____spur where Ajax perched at first, the raving        _____madmantoppling into the sea, it plunged him down,___,__down in the vast, seething depths. And so he_____died, having drunk his fill of brine. ______ Your brother?  He somehow escaped that fate;_____Agamemnon got away in his beaked ships. Queen Hera pulled_____him through. But just as he came abreast of Maleas_____beetling cape a hurricane snatched him up and swept_____him way off course groaning, desperate driving him over the_____fishinfested sea to the wild borderland where Thyestes made his_____home in the days of old and his son Aegisthus lived now. But even from there a safe return seemed likely, __ ______yes, the immortals swung the wind around_____to fair and the victors sailed home. How he_____rejoiced,   Atrides setting foot on his fatherland_____once morehe took that native earth in his hands and_____kissed it, hot tears flooding his eyes, so thrilled_____to see his land But a watchman saw him toofrom a_____lookout high abovea spy that cunning Aegisthus stationed there, luring theman with two gold bars in payment. one whole year he' watched              so the great king would not get past unseen, his fighting power intact for selfdefense. The spy ranthe news to his masters___,__halls and Aegisthus quickly set his stealthy_____trap. Picking the twenty best recruits from town he packed them in ambush atone end of the_____house, at the other he ordered a banquet______dressed and spread______and went to welcome the conquering hero,_____Agamemnon, went with team and chariot, and a mind aswarm with_____evil. Up from the shore he led the king, he ushered   j_____him insuspecting nothing of all his doomhe_____feasted him well then cut him down as a man cuts down some___;__ox at the trough Not one of your brothers menatarms was_____left alive, none of Aegisthus either. All, killed______in the palace.______So Proteus said, and his story crushed_____my heart. I knelt down in the sand and wept. I'_____no desire to go on living and see the rising light of_____day. But once I' had my fill of tears and_____writhing there,   the Old Man of the Sea who never lies_____continued, No more now, Menelaus. How long must you weep? Withering tears, what good can come of tears? None I know of.Strive instead to return to your native country hurry home at once Either you'll find the murderer still alive or Orees will have beatenyou to the kill. You'll be in time to share the funeral feast._______So he pressed, and I felt my_____heart, my old pride, __ ______for all my grieving, glow once more in my_____chest and I asked the seer in a rush of winging_____words, Those two I know now. Tell me the     ______third mans name.____'__Who is still alive, held captive off in_____the endless seas? Unless hes dead by now. I want to know the_____truth though it grieves me all the more. ______ Odysseus com the old prophet named the third at_____once Laertes son, who makes his home_____in Ithaca ... I saw him once on an island, weeping_____live warm tears in the nymph Calypsos houseshe_____holds him there by force. He has no way to voyage home to his_____own native land, no trim ships in reach, no crew to ply_____the oars and send him scudding over the seas broad   _____back. But about your own destiny, Menelaus, dear to Zeus, its not for you to die______and meet your fate in the stallionland of_____Argos, no, the deathless ones will sweep you off to the_____worlds end, the Elysian Fields, where goldhaired_____Rhadamanthys waits, where life glides on in immortal ease_____for mortal man; no snow, no winter onslaught, never a_____downpour there but night and day the Ocean River sends up_____breezes, singing winds of the West refreshing all_____mankind. All this because you are Helens husband now  the gods count_Ei_you_Ei_ the soninlaw of______Zeus.______So he divined and down the breaking surf_____he dove as I went back to the ships with my brave_____men, my heart a rising tide at every step.______Once I reached my craft hauled up_____on shore we made our meal and the godsent night_____came down and then we slept at the seas smooth_____shelving edge. When young Dawn with her rosered fingers_____shone once more we hauled the vessels down to the sunlit_____breakers first then stepped the mas amidships, canvas   _____brailedthe crews swung aboard, they sat to the_____oars in ranks and in rhythm churned the water white with_____stroke on stroke. Back we went to the Nile swelled by the_____rains of Zeus, I moored the ships and sacrificed in a_____splendid rite,   and once I' slaked the wrath of the_____everlasting gods I raised a mound for Agamemnon, his_____undying glory. All this done, I set sail and the gods_____sent me a stiff following wind that sped me home, home to the native land I love. But come, my boy, stay on in my palace now with me, at least till ten or a dozen days have___.__passed. Then I'll give you a princely send-off shining gifts, three stallions and a chariot burnished_____brightand I'll add a gorgeous cup so you can_____pour libations out to the deathless gods on high and remember Menelaus all your days."______ Telemachus, summoning up his newfound tact, replied,  "Please,Menelaus, don' keep me_____quite so long. True, I' gladly sit beside you one_____whole year without a twinge of longing for home or        _____parents. Its wonderful how you tell your stories,_____all you sayI delight to en Yes, but now, I'___.__afraid, my comrades must be restless in sacred_____Pylos, and here you' hold me just a little longer. As for the gift you giveme, let it be a_____keepsake. Those horses I really cannot take_____to Ithaca; better to leave them here to be your glory. You rule a wide level plain where the fields of clover roll and_____galingale and wheat and oats and gening ful lgrain barley.   No runningroom for mares in Ithaca_____though, no meadows. Goat, not stallion, land, yet it means_____the world to me. None of the rugged islands slanting down_____to sea is good for pasture or good for bridle_____paths, but Ithaca, best of islands, crowns them______all"______So he declared. The lord of the warcry_____smiled, patted him with his hand and praised his guest,_____concluding, "Good blood runs in you, dear boy, your___ __words are proof. __ ____"__Certainly I'll exchange the gifts._____The powers mine. Of all the treasures lying heaped in my    _____palace  you shall have the finest, most esteemed. Why, I'll give you a mixing bowl, forged_____to perfectionits solid silver finished off with a lip of_____gold. Hephaestus made it himself. And a royal_____friend, Phaedimus, king of Sidon, lavished it___,__on me when his palace welcomed me on passage___,__home. How pleased I' be if you took it as a______gift"______And now as the two confided in each other, banqueters arrived at thegreat kings_____palace, leading their own sheep, bearing their hearty     ___.__wine, and their wives in lovely headbands sent_____along the food. And so they bustled about the halls preparing_____dinner ...   But all the while the suitors, before___A__Odysseus palace, amused themselves with discus and long throwing_____spears, out on the leveled grounds, free and easy_____as always, full of swagger. But lord Antinous sat___\u128 __apart, dashing Eurymachus beside him, ringleaders, head and shoulders the strongest of the lot. Phronius son No\u129 emon approached them now, quick to press Antinous with a question            "Antinous,have we any notion or not when Telemachus will return from sandy___,__Pylos? He sailed in a ship of mine and now I_____need her back to cross over to Elis Plain where I_____keep a dozen horses, broodmares suckling some heavy duty mules, unbroken. I' like to drive one home and break him______in."______That dumbfounded them both. They never_____dreamed the prince had gone to Pylos, Neleus city certain the boy was still nearby somewhere, out on his farm with flocks or with the swineherd._______"Tell me the truth" Antinous_____wheeled on No\u129 emon. "When did he go? And what young crew went___.__with him? Ithacas best? Or his own slaves and______servants? __ ______Surely he has enough to man a ship. Tell me thisbe clearI've got_____to know did he commandeer your ship against your will______or did you volunteer it once he' won_____you over?"______"I volunteered it, of course,"_____No\u129 emon said. "What else could anyone do, when such a man, a prince weighed down with troubles,          asked a favor? Hard to deny him anything. And the young crew that formed his escort?_____Well, they're the finest men on the island, next_____to us. And Mentor took commandI saw him_____climb aboard or a god who looked like Mentor head___.__to foot, and thats what I find strange. I saw_____good Mentor yesterday, just at sunup, here. But clearly he boarded ship for Pylos days ago." With that he headed back to his fathers\'92 house,  leaving the two lords stiff with indignation.     goo They made thesuitors sit down in a_____group and stop their games at once. Eupithes___\'a2__son Antinous rose up in their midst to speak, his dark heart filled withfury, blazing with angereyes like searing fire "By god, what a fine pieceof work he\'92s carried off Telemachus what insolence and we thought his little jaunt would come to grief. But in spite of us all,_____look, the young cub slips away, just like thatpicks the best crew in theland and off he    _____sails. And this is just the start of the trouble he can___.__make. Zeus kill that brazen boy before he hits_____his prime Quick, fetch me a swift ship and twenty___,__men  I'll waylay him from ambush, board him_____coming back in the straits between Ithaca and rocky_____Same. This gallant voyage of his to find his father will find _Ei_him_Ei_ wrecked atlast\'94 They all roared approval, urged him______on, __ __ le____rose at once and retired to Odysseus_____palace.______But not for long was Penelope unaware of the grim plots hersuitors planned in___'__secret. The herald Medon told her. He'_____overheard their schemes, ening in outside the court while they_____wove on within. He rushed the news through the halls to tell___,__the queen  who greeted him as he crossed her_____chambers threshold "Herald, why have the young blades sent you___...__now? To order King Odysseus servingwomen to stop their work and slave to fix their feast? I hate their courting, their running riot here would to god that this meal, here and now,           were their lastmeal on earth  Day after day, all of you swarming, draining our lifes blood, my wary sons estate. What, didn't you listen to your fathers when you were children, years agotelling you how Odysseus treated them, your___.__parents? Never an unfair word, never an unfair action among his people here, though thats the way of our godappointedkings, hating one man, loving the next, with luck.   Not Odysseus. Never anoutrage done to any man alive. But you, you and your ugly outburs, shameful___.__acts, they're plain to see. Look at the thanks_____he gets for all past acts of kindness" ____\'9b__ Medon replied, sure of his own discretion, "Ah my queen, if only_Ei_that_Ei_ were the worst of all you face. Now your suitors are plotting something_____worse, harsher, crueler. God forbid they bring it_____off They're poised to cut Telemachus down_____with bronze swords on his way back home. Hes sailed_____off, you see ... for news of his father to sacred Pylos first,    thenout to the sunny hills of Lacedaemon."______Her knees gave way on the spot,_____her heart too. __ __ le____She stood there speechless a while, struck___,__dumb, tears filling her eyes, her warm voice___,__choked. At last she found some words to make___,__reply "Oh herald, why has my child gone and left me? No need in the world for him to board the ships, those chariots ofthe sea that sweep men on, driving across the oceans endless wastes ... Does he want his very name wiped off the     _____earth?"____"__Medon, the soul of thoughtfulness,_____responded, "I don' know if a god inspired your_____son or the boys own impulse led him down_____to Pylos, but he went to learn of his fathers journey_____home,   or whatever fate hes met."______Back through King Odysseus house he___.__went but a cloud of heartbreak overwhelmed the___,__queen. She could bear no longer sitting on a_____chair though her room had chairs aplenty. Down she sank on her well built chambers floor, weeping, pitifully, as the women whimpered_____round her, all the women, young and old, who served her_____house. Penelope, sobbing uncontrollably,_____cried out to them, "Hear me, dear ones Zeus has given_____me tormentme above all the others born and bred in_____my day. My lionhearted husband, lost, long_____years ago,______who excelled the Argives all in every_____strengththat great man whose fame resounds through_____Hellas right to the depths of Argos ______ But now my son, my darling boythe whirlwinds have ripped    _____him out of the halls without a trace I never_____heard he' gonenot even from you, you hard,_____heartless ... not one of you even thought to rouse me from my___.__bed, though well you knew when he boarded that_____black ship. Oh if only I had learned he was_____planning such a journey, he would have stayed, by god, keen as he was_____to sailor left me dead right here within our_____palace._________ ______Go, someone, quickly Call old Dolius_____now, the servant my father gave me when I_____came, the man who tends my orchard green with      ___\u128 __trees, so he can run to Laertes, sit beside him, tell him the whole story,point by point. Perhapswho knows?he'll weave some_____plan, he'll come out of hiding, plead with all these_____people mad to destroy his line, his sons line of_____kings"_______"Oh dear girl," Eurycleia the_____fond old nurse replied, "kill me then with a bronze knife no mercy or let me live, here in the palaceI'll hide nothing from_____you now I knew it all, I gave him all he_____asked for,  bread and mellow wine, but he made me take a binding oath that I, I wouldn' tell you, no, not till ten or a dozendays had_____passed or you missed the lad yourself and learned he'_____gone, so tears would never mar your lovely face_____... Come, bathe now, put on some fresh_____clothes, climb to the upper rooms with all your women and pray to Pallas,daughter of storming_____Zeusshe may save Telemachus yet, even_____at deaths door. Don' worry an old man, worried enough___\u143 __by now. I can' believe the blessed gods so hate    the heirs of KingArcesius, through and through. One will still live onI know it born_____to rule______this lofty house and the green fields far and_____wide." ______ With that she lulled Penelopes grief and dried_____her eyes of tears. And the queen bathed and put fresh clothing_____on, climbed to the upper rooms with all her___.__women and sifting barley into a basket, prayed_____to Pallas, "Hear me, daughter of Zeus whose shield_____is thundertireless one, Athena If ever, here in his_____halls, resourceful King Odysseus            h burned rich thighs of sheepor oxen in your_____honor, oh remember it now for _Ei_my_Ei_ sake, save______my darling son,__ defend him from these outrageous, overbearing_____suitors"____'__She shrilled a high cry and the goddess_____heard her prayer as the suitors burst into uproar through the_____shadowed halls and one of the lusty young men began to brag,_____"Listen, our longcourted queens preparing us all_____a marriage with no glimmer at all how the murder of her son has been_____decreed." Boaing so, with no glimmer at all of what had been decreed. But Antinous took the floor and issued_____orders "Stupid fools Muzzle your bragging_____nowbefore someone slips inside and reports us.   Up now, not a sound, drive home our_____planit suits us well, we approved it one and______all."______With that he picked out twenty firstrate_____men and down they went to the swift ship at the_____seas edge. First they hauled the craft into deeper_____water, stepped the mast amidships, canvas_____brailed, made oars fast in the leather oarlock       h_____straps while zealous aidesinarms brought_____weapons on. They moored her well out in the channel,_____disembarked and took their meal on shore, waiting for_____dusk to fall.______But there in her upper rooms she lay,_____Penelope  lost in thought, fasting, shunning food and_____drink, brooding now ... would her fine son_____escape his death or go down at her overweening suitors_____hands? Her mind in torment, wheeling like some lion at bay, dreading gangs of_____hunters closing their cunning ring around him for the finish.   Harried soshe was, when a deep kind_____sleep overcame her, back she sank and slept, her limbs______fell limp and still.______And again the brighteyed goddess Pallas_____thought of one more way to help. She made a_____phantom now, its build like a womans build,_____Iphthimes, yes, another daughter of generous Lord Icarius, Eumelus bride,who made her home_____in Pherae. Athena sped her on to King Odysseus_____house to spare Penelope, worn with pain and_____sobbing, further spells of grief and storms of tears. The phantom entered her bedroom, passing quickly in through the doorbolt slit and hovering at her head she rose and spoke___'__now "Sleeping, Penelope, your heart so_____wrung with sorrow? No need, I tell you, no, the gods who___\u142 __live at ease can' bear to let you weep and rack your spirit. Your son willstill come homeit is decreed. Hes never wronged the gods in any______way."______And Penelope murmured back, still_____cautious, drifting softly now at the gate of        dreams, "Why have you come, my sister? Your visits all too rare in the past,for you make your home so very far away. You tell me to lay to rest the griefand_____tears that overwhelm me now, torment me, heart and_____soul? With my lionhearted husband lost long_____years ago, who excelled the Argives all in every_____strength? That great man whose fame resounds through_____Hellas right to the depths of Argos ... ______ And now my darling boy, hes off and gone in a hollow ship Just a i_____youngster, still untrained for war or stiff debate.   Him I mourn even morethan I do my_____husbandI quake in terror for all that he might_____suffer either on open sea or shores he goes_____to visit. Hordes of enemies scheme against him now, keen to kill him offbefore he can reach his native land again."______"Courage" the shadowy phantom_____reassured her. "Don' be overwhelmed by all your direst______fears. __ __ He travels with such an escort, one that   i_____others would pray to stand beside them. She has powerPallas Athena. Shepities you in your___.__tears. She wings me here to tell you all these______things."_______But the circumspect Penelope_____replied, "If you _Ei_are_Ei_ a god and have heard a gods_____own voice, come, tell me about that luckless man as_____well. Is he still alive? does he see the_____light of day? Or is he dead already, lost in the House_____of Death?"______"About that man," the shadowy phantom___\'86__answered, "I cannot tell you the story start to finish,    i whether he\'92s dead or alive. Its wrong to lead you on with idle words."______ At that she glided off by the doorpost past the___'__boltgone on a lifting breeze. Icarius_____daughter   started up from sleep, her spirit warmed now that a dream so clearhad come to her in darkest______night.______But the suitors boarded now and sailed the_____sealanes, plotting in their hearts Telemachus_____plunge to death. Off in the middle channel lies a rocky_____island, just between Ithaca and Sames rugged         i_____cliffsAsterisnot large, but it has a cove, a harbor with two mouths whereships can_____hide. Here the Achaeans lurked in ambush for the_____prince.\
\
BOOK FIVE\
Odysseus Nymph and Shipwreck\
As Dawn rose up from bed by her lordly_____mate Tithonus,______bringing light to immortal gods and mortal_____men, the gods sat down in council, circling_____Zeus the thunder king whose power rules the world. Athena began, recallingOdysseus to their_____thoughts, the goddess deeply moved by the mans long___'__ordeal, held captive still in the nymph_____Calypsos house "Father Zeusyou other happy gods who_____never dienever let any sceptered king be kind and_____gentle now, not with all his heart, or set his mind on     justice no, let him be cruel and always practice_____outrage. Think not one of the people whom he ruled remembers Odysseus now,that godlike___;__man, and kindly as a father to his children. __ ______Now hes left to pine on an island, racked___,__with grief in the nymph Calypsos houseshe_____holds him there by force. He has no way to voyage home to his_____own native land, no trim ships in reach, no crew to ply_____the oars and send him scudding over the seas broad_____back. And now his dear son ... they plot to kill   _____the boy on his way back home. Yes, he has_____sailed off for news of his father, to holy Pylos first, then out to the sunnyhills of_____Lacedaemon."______"My child," Zeus who marshals the_____thunderheads replied, "what nonsense you let slip through your_____teeth. Come now,  wasn' the plan your own? You conceived it_____yourself Odysseus shall return and pay the_____traitors back. Telemachus? Sail him home with all_____your skillthe power is yours, no doubthome to his native country allunharmed    while the suitors limp to port,______defeated, baffled men."______With those words, Zeus turned to his own_____son Hermes. "You are our messenger, Hermes, sent on_____all our missions. Announce to the nymph with lovely braids_____our fixed decree Odysseus journeys homethe exile_____must return. But not in the convoy of the gods or mortal_____men. No, on a lashed, makeshift raft and_____wrung with pains,   on the twentieth day he will make his_____landfall, fertile Scheria, the land of Phaeacians, close kin to the_____gods themselves, who with all their hearts will prize him like a    _____god and send him off in a ship to his own beloved___.__land, giving him bronze and hoards of gold and___a__robesmore plunder than he could ever have won from Troy if Odysseus hadreturned intact with his_____fair share. So his destiny ordains. He shall see his_____loved ones, reach his highroofed house, his native land______at last."______So Zeus decreed and the giantkilling______guide obeyed at once.__ Quickly under his feet he fastened the supple_____sandals, Everglowing gold, that wing him over the_____waves and boundless earth with the rush of gusting winds.      He seizedthe wand that enchants the eyes of_____men whenever Hermes wants, or wakes us up_____from sleep. That wand in his grip, the powerful giant_____killer, swooping down from Pieria, down the high_____clear air, plunged to the sea and skimmed the waves like_____a tern that down the deadly gulfs of the barren salt_____swells glides and dives for fish, dipping its beating wings in burs of_____sprayso Hermes skimmed the crests on endless_____crests.   But once he gained that island worlds apart,      up from thedeepblue sea he climbed_____to dry land and strode on till he reached the spacious_____cave where the nymph with lovely braids had_____made her home, and he found her there inside ... ____a__ A great fire blazed on the hearth and the smell of cedar cleanly split and sweetwood burning_____bright wafted a cloud of fragrance down the_____island. Deep inside she sang, the goddess_____Calypso, lifting her breathtaking voice as she glided back____and forth before her loom, her golden shuttle weaving.    Thick, luxuriantwoods grew round the___'__cave, alders and black poplars, pungent_____cypress too,______and there birds roosted, folding their long_____wings, owls and hawks and the spreadbeaked ravens_____of the sea, black skimmers who make their living off_____the waves. And round the mouth of the cavern trailed a_____vine laden with clusters, buring with ripe_____grapes. Four springs in a row, bubbling clear and_____cold, running sidebyside, took channels_____left and right. Soft meadows spreading round were starred with      _____violets, lush with beds of parsley. Why, even a_____deathless god who came upon that place would gaze in_____wonder, heart entranced with pleasure. Hermes the______guide,______the mighty giantkiller, stood there,_____spellbound ... __ ____'__But once he' had his fill of marveling_____at it all he briskly entered the deep vaulted_____cavern. Calypso, lustrous goddess, knew him___.__at once, as soon as she saw his features face___.__to face. Immortals are never strangers to each_____other, no matter how distant one may make her    _____home. But as for great OdysseusHermes could not find him within the cave.Off he sat on a headland, weeping there as_____always, wrenching his heart with sobs and groans and______anguish,______gazing out over the barren sea through blinding_____tears. But Calypso, lustrous goddess, questioned Hermes, seating him on a gening, polished chair. "God of the golden wand,why have you come? A beloved, honored friend, but its been so long, yourvisits much too  _____rare. Tell me whats on your mind, I'_____eager to do it, whatever I _Ei_can_Ei_ do ... whatever can be done."______And the goddess drew a table up beside him, heaped with ambrosia, mixed him deepred_____nectar. Hermes the guide and giantkiller ate_____and drank. Once he had dined and fortified himself with_____food he launched right in, replying to her questions "As one god to another,you ask me why_____I've come.   I'll tell you the whole story, mince no_____wordsyour wish is my command.                   It was Zeus who made me come, no_____choice of mine. Who would willingly roam across a salty_____waste so vast, so endless? Think no city of men in sight,_____and not a soul to offer the gods a sacrifice and burn the___;__fattest victims. But there is no way, you know, for another_____god to thwart the will of storming Zeus and make it come_____to nothing. Zeus claims you keep beside you a most_____unlucky man, most harried of all who fought for Priams___\'82__Troy nine years, sacking the city in the tenth, and then set sail for home. But voyaging back they outraged Queen______Athena who loosed the gales and pounding seas against_____them. There all the rest of his loyal shipmates_____died but the wind drove him on, the current_____bore him here. Now Zeus commands you to send him off with all_____good speed it is not his fate to die here, far from his own_____people. Destiny still ordains that he shall see his loved_____ones, reach his highroofed house, his native land______at last."____'__But lustrous Calypso shuddered at those_____words and burst into a flight of indignation.        a_____"Hardhearted you are, you gods You unrivaled lords of_____jealousy______scandalized when goddesses sleep with_____mortals, openly, even when one has made the man_____her husband. So when Dawn with her rosered fingers_____took Orion, you gods in your everlasting ease were_____horrified till chaste Artemis throned in gold_____attacked him, out on Delos, shot him to death with gentle_____shafts. And so when Demeter the graceful one with_____lovely braids gave way to her passion and made love with_____Iasion, bedding down in a furrow plowed three       _____times Zeus got wind of it soon enough, I'______say, and blasted the man to death with flashing bolts. So now at last, yougods, you train your______spite on _Ei_me_Ei_____'__for keeping a mortal man beside me. The_____man I saved, riding astride his keelboard, all_____alone, when Zeus with one hurl of a whitehot bolt had_____crushed his racing warship down the winedark sea. There all the rest of hisloyal shipmates_____died but the wind drove him on, the current_____bore him here. And I welcomed him warmly, cherished him,  a_____even vowed to make the man immortal, ageless, all_____his days ... But since there is no way for another god_____to thwart the will of storming Zeus and make it come_____to nothing, let the man go if the Almighty insists,_____commands and destroy himself on the barren salt sea______I'll send him off, but not with any_____escort. I have no ships in reach, no crew to ply_____the oars and send him scudding over the seas broad______back. __ ____"__But I will gladly advise him I'll_____hide nothingso he can reach his native country all      a_____unharmed."______And the guide and giantkiller reinforced_____her words "Release him at once, just so. Steer_____clear of the rage of Zeus Or down the years he'll fume and make______your life a hell."______With that the powerful giantkiller sped______away.______The queenly nymph sought out the great___"__Odysseusthe commands of Zeus still ringing in her earsand found him thereon the headland, sitting, still, weeping, his eyes never dry, his sweet life flowing away with the tears he wept for his foiled journey_____home, since the nymph no longer pleased. In the nights, true, he' sleep with her in the arching cave he_____had no choice unwilling lover alongside lover all_____too willing ... But all his days he' sit on the rocks_____and beaches, wrenching his heart with sobs and groans and_____anguish, gazing out over the barren sea through blinding_____tears. So coming up to him now, the lustrous goddess_____ventured,______"No need, my unlucky one, to grieve_____here any longer, no, don' waste your life away. Now_____I am willing, heart and soul, to send you off at last._____Come, take bronze tools, cut your lengthy    ___\uc0\u128 __timbers, make them into a broadbeamed raft and top it off with a halfdeckhigh enough to sweep you free and clear on the misty_____seas. And I myself will stock her with food and_____water, ruddy wine to your tasteall to stave off_____hungergive you clothing, send you a stiff following_____wind so you can reach your native country all___,__unharmed. If only the gods are willing. They_____rule the vaulting skies. They're stronger than I to plan and drive_____things home."______Longenduring Odysseus shuddered at that  a and broke out in a sharpflight of protest. "Passage home? Never. Surely_____you're plotting something else, goddess, urging me in a______raft________to cross the oceans mighty gulfs. So_____vast, so full of danger not even deepsea ships can_____make it through, swift as they are and buoyed up by the winds_____of Zeus himself. I won' set foot on a raft until___;__you show good faith, until you consent to swear, goddess, a_____binding oath you'll never plot some new intrigue to harm______me"______He was so intense the lustrous goddess    _____smiled, stroked him with her hand, savored his name and_____chided, "Ah what a wicked man you are, and never_____at a loss. What a thing to imagine, what a thing to say Earth be my witness now, the vaulting Sky_____above and the dark cascading waters of the StyxI_____swear by the greatest, grimmest oath that binds the_____happy gods I will never plot some new intrigue to harm_____you. Never. All I have in mind and devise for_____you are the very plans I' fashion for myself if I were in your straits. My every  impulse bends to what is right. Not iron, trust_____me, the heart within _Ei_my_Ei_ breast. I am all_____compassion."______And lustrous Calypso quickly led the_____way as he followed in the footsteps of the_____goddess. They reached the arching cavern, man and god as_____one, and Odysseus took the seat that Hermes just___\'87__left, while the nymph set out before him every kind of food and drink thatmortal men will take. Calypso sat down facetoface with the king and the women served her nectar and ambrosia.   They reached out for the good things that lay at hand and when they' had their fill of food and_____drink the lustrous one took up a new_____approach. "So then, royal son of Laertes, Odysseus, man of exploits, still eager to leave at once and hurry back to your own home, your beloved native land?   Good luck to you, even so. Farewell But ifyou only knew, down deep, what_____pains are fated to fill your cup before you reach that______shore, __ __ le____you' stay right here, preside in our house   _____with me and be immortal. Much as you long to see your______wife, the one you pine for all your days ... and yet I just might claim to be nothing less than___.__she, neither in face nor figure. Hardly right,_____is it, for mortal woman to rival immortal goddess? How, in build? in beauty?" ______ "Ah great goddess," worldly Odysseus answered, "don' be_____angry with me,______please. All that you say is true, how_____well I know. Look at my wise Penelope. She_____falls far short of you, your beauty, stature. She is mortal    _____after all and you, you never age or die ... Nevertheless I long I pine, all my_____daysto travel home and see the dawn of my_____return. And if a god will wreck me yet again on_____the wine dark sea, I can bear that too, with a spirit tempered_____to endure. Much have I suffered, labored long and hard_____by now in the waves and wars. Add this to the_____total bring the trial on" ______ Even as he spoke the sun set and the darkness swept the earth.______And now, withdrawing into the caverns deep     ___;__recesses, long in each others arms they lost themselves in______love.______When young Dawn with her rosered fingers_____shone once more Odysseus quickly dressed himself in cloak_____and shirt while the nymph slipped on a loose,_____gening robe, filmy, a joy to the eye, and round her_____waist she ran a brocaded golden belt and over her head a scarf to shield her_____brow, then turned to plan the great mans voyage_____home. She gave him a heavy bronze ax that___;__fit his grip, both blades wellhoned, with a fine       olive haft lashed firm to its head. She gave him a_____polished  smoothing adze as well and then she led the_____way to the islands outer edge where trees grew___.__tall, alders, black poplars and firs that shot______skyhigh, __ __ ____seasoned, drying for years, ideal for easy_____floating. Once she' shown her guest where the tall_____timber stood, Calypso the lustrous goddess headed_____home again. He set to cutting trunksthe work was done_____in no time. Twenty in all he felled, he trimmed_____them clean with his ax and split them deftly, trued them straight  _____to the line. Meanwhile the radiant goddess brought him_____drills  he bored through all his planks and wedged them_____snugly, knocking them home together, locked with pegs_____and joints. Broad in the beam and bottom flat as a_____merchantman when a master shipwright turns out her hull, so broad the craftOdysseus made_____himself. Working away at speed he put up halfdecks pinned to close set ribs and a sweep of gunwales rounded off the_____sides. He fashioned the mast next and sank its  yard in deep and added a steering oar to hold her right on_____course, then he fenced her stem to stern with twigs and_____wicker, bulwark against the seasurge, floored with_____heaps of brush. And lustrous Calypso came again, now with_____bolts of cloth  to make the sail, and he finished that off_____too, expertly. Braces, sheets and brail she rigged_____all fast on board, then eased her down with levers into the sunlit______sea.____,__That was the fourth day and all his work was_____done. On the fifth, the lovely goddess_____launched him from her island, once she had bathed and decked him out in    _____fragrant clothes. And Calypso stowed two skins aboard_____dark wine in one, the larger one held wateradded a sack of_____rations, filled with her choicest meats to build his_____strength, and summoned a wind to bear him onward,_____fair and warm. The wind lifting his spirits high, royal_____Odysseus   spread sail gripping the tiller, seated_____astern and now the master mariner steered his craft, sleep never closing hiseyes, forever_____scanning the stars, the Pleiades and the Plowman_____late to set and the Great Bear that mankind also calls the   _____Wagon she wheels on her axis always fixed,_____watching the Hunter, __ ____'__and she alone is denied a plunge in the_____Oceans baths. Hers were the stars the lustrous goddess told_____him to keep hard to port as he cut across the_____sea. And seventeen days he sailed, making_____headway well; on the eighteenth, shadowy mountains slowly_____loomed ...  the Phaeacians island reaching toward him_____now, over the misty breakers, rising like a_____shield._______But now Poseidon, god of the_____earthquake, saw himjust returning home from his Ethiopian friends, from miles away on the Solymi mountain range he spied Odysseus sailing down the sea and it made his fury boil evenmore. He shook his head and rumbled to himself, "Outrageous Look how thegods have___;__changed their minds about Odysseuswhile I was off with my_____Ethiopians. Just look at him there, nearing_____Phaeacias shores where hes fated to escape his noose of___.__pain thats held him until now. Still my hopes_____ride high  I'll give that man his swamping fill of   _____trouble"______With that he rammed the clouds together both___.__hands clutching his trident churned the waves_____into chaos, whipping all the gales from every quarter, shrouding over_____in thunderheads the earth and sea at onceand night swept_____down from the skyEast and South Winds clashed and the raging_____West and North, sprung from the heavens, roiled heaving_____breakers upand Odysseus knees quaked, his spirit_____too; numb with fear he spoke to his own great_____heart "Wretched manwhat becomes of me now,_____at last? I fear the nymph foretold it all too    _____wellon the high seas, she said, before I can reach  my native land I'll fillmy cup of_____pain And now, look, it all comes to pass. What_____monstrous cloudsKing Zeus crowning the whole wide heaven black churning the seas in chaos, gales blasting, raging around my head from every quartermy deathplunge in a flash, its certain______now __ ______Three, four times blessed, my friends in_____arms who died on the plains of Troy those years_____ago, serving the sons of Atreus to the end. Would   ___.__to god I' died there too and met my fate that_____day the Trojans, swarms of them, hurled at _Ei_me_Ei_ with bronze_____spears,   fighting over the corpse of proud_____Achilles A heros funeral then, my glory_____spread by comrades now what a wretched death I' doomed______to die"______At that a massive wave came crashing_____down on his head, a terrific onslaught spinning his craft_____round and roundhe was thrown clear of the decks ______ the steering oar wrenched from his grasp ______ and in one lightning attack the_____brawling galewinds struck fullforce, snapping the  __mast midshaft and hurling the sail and sailyard far across the_____sea. He went under a good long while, no fast_____way out, no struggling up from under the giant waves_____assault,  his clothing dragged him downdivine_____Calypsos giftsbut at last he fought his way to the surface_____spewing bitter brine, streams of it pouring down his_____head. But halfdrowned as he was, he' not__forget his crafthe lunged after her through the breakers, laying_____hold and huddling amidships, fled the stroke of_____death. Pellmell the rollers tossed her along  c_____downcurrent, wild as the North Wind tossing thistle_____along the fields at high harvestdry stalks clutching_____each other tightlyso the galewinds tumbled her down the sea,___A__this way, that way, now the South Wind flinging her over to North_____to sport with,____'__now the East Wind giving her up to West_____to harry on and on.______But someone saw himCadmus daughter_____with lovely ankles, Ino, a mortal woman once with human_____voice and called Leucothea now she lives in the seas_____salt depths, esteemed by all the gods as she deserves. She pitied Odysseus,tossed,        _____tormented soshe broke from the waves like a shearwater on______the wing, __ ______lit on the wreck and asked him kindly,_____"Ah poor man, why is the god of earthquakes so dead set_____against you? Strewing your way with such a crop of_____troubles______But he can' destroy you, not for all his_____anger. Just do as I say. You seem no fool_____to me. Strip off those clothes and leave your craft for the winds to hurl,and swim for it now, you___a__must, strike out with your arms for landfall there, Phaeacian land where destined safety      waits. Here, take this scarf, tie it around your waistit is immortal.Nothing to fear now, neither pain nor death. But once you grasp the mainlandwith your hands untie it quickly, throw it into the wine dark_____sea, far from the shore, but you, you turn your head______away"____ __With that the goddess handed him the scarf and slipped back in the heavybreaking seas like a shearwater once again and a dark heaving billow closed above her.       But battleweary Odysseus weighed_____two courses, deeply torn, probing his fighting spirit___'__"Oh noI fear another immortal weaves a_____snare to trap me, urging me to abandon ship I won'. Not_____yet. That shores too far awayI glimpsed it myselfwhere she says_____refuge waits. No, heres what I'll do, its what___seems best to me. As long as the timbers cling and joints stand___fast, I'll hold out aboard her and take a_____whippingonce the breakers smash my craft        j_____to pieces, then I'll swimno better plan for______now."______But just as great Odysseus thrashed things_____out,  Poseidon god of the earthquake launched_____a colossal wave, terrible, murderous, arching over him, pounding_____down on him, hard as a windorm blasting piles of dry_____parched chaff, scattering flying husksso the long_____planks of his boat were scattered far and wide. But Odysseus______leapt aboard __ ______one timber and riding it like a plunging_____racehorse stripped away his clothes, divine___\'bb__Calypsos gifts, and quickly tying the scarf around his waist       daj hedove headfst in the sea, stretched his arms and stroked for life itself. Butagain the mighty god of earthquakes_____spied him,______shook his head and grumbled deep in his spirit,_____"Go, go, after all you've sufferedr ove your miles_____of seatill you fall in the arms of people loved_____by Zeus. Even so I can hardly think you'll find your punishments too light"______ With that threat he lashed his team with their long flowing_____manes, gaining Aegae port where his famous        _____palace stands.______But Zeuss daughter Athena countered_____him at once. The rest of the winds she stopped right in their______tracks, commanding them all to hush now, go to sleep. All but the boisterousNorthshe whipped_____him up and the goddess beat the breakers flat before_____Odysseus,______dear to Zeus, so he could reach the_____Phaeacians, mingle with men who love their long oars and escape his death at last. ______ Yes, but now, adrift on the heaving swells two_____nights, two daysquite loagain and again the man foresaw his death.  Then when Dawn with her lovely locks_____brought on the third day, the wind fell in an instant, all glazed to a dead calm, and___,__Odysseus, scanning sharply, raised high by a__groundswell, looked up and saw itlandfall, just ahead. Joy ... warm as thejoy that children feel when they see their fathers life dawn again, onewhos lain on a sickbed racked with_____torment, wasting away, slowly, under some angry______powers onslaught______then what joy when the gods deliver him from   _____his pains So warm, Odysseus joy when he saw___that shore, those trees, as he swam on, anxious to plant his _____feet on solid ground again. __ __ le__.__But just offshore, as far as a mans shout can___,__carry, he caught the boom of a heavy surf on_____jagged reefsroaring breakers crashing down on an_____ironbound coast, exploding in fury ______ the whole sea shrouded ____;__ sheets of sprayno harbors to hold ships, no roadstead_____where they' ride, nothing but jutting headlands, riptooth_____reefs, cliffs. Odysseus knees quaked and the heart_____inside him sank;  he spoke to his fighting spirit, desperate  _____"Worse and worse Now that Zeus has granted a glimpse_____of land beyond my hopes, now I've crossed this waste of water, the_____end in sight, theres no way out of the boiling surfI_____see no way Rugged reefs offshore, around them breakers___.__roaring, above them a smooth rock face, rising___steeply, look, and the surge too deep inshore, no spot___.__to stand on my own two legs and battle free of_____death. If I clamber out, some big comber will_____hoist me, dash me against that cliffmy struggles_____all a waste If I keep on swimming down the coast,  _____trying to find______a seabeach shelving against the waves, a_____sheltered coveI dread itanother gale will snatch me_____up and haul me back to the fishinfested sea, retching in_____despair. Or a dark power will loose some monster at_____me, rearing out of the wavesone of the thousands Amphitrites breakers teemwith._____Well I know the famous god of earthquakes hates my_____very name"_____Just as that fear went churning through his mind a tremendous roller swept him toward the_____rocky coast where he' have been flayed alive, his bones  _____crushed if the brighteyed goddess Pallas had not_____inspired him now. He lunged for a reef, he seized it with______both hands and clung____'__for dear life, groaning until the giant wave surged past and so he escaped its force, but the breakers_____backwash charged into him full fury and hurled him out_____to sea. Like pebbles stuck in the suckers of some_____octopus dragged from its lair so strips of skin______torn from his clawing hands stuck to the rock face. A heavy sea covered himover, then and there unlucky Odysseus would have met his deathagainst the will of Fatebut the brighteyed one inspired him yetagain. Fighting out from the breakers pounding toward the__coast, out of danger he swam on, scanning the___land, trying to find   a seabeach shelving against the waves, a_____sheltered cove, and stroking hard he came abreast of a_____rivers mouth, running calmly, the perfect spot, he_____thought ... free of rocks, with a windbreak from the_____gales. As the current flowed he felt the rivers_____god and prayed to him in spirit "Hear me, lord,      _____whoever you are, I've come to you, the answer to all my_ __.__prayersrescue me from the sea, the Sealords_____curse Even immortal gods will show a man_____respect, whatever wanderer seeks their helplike meI throw myself on yourmercy, on your_____current nowI have suffered greatly. Pity me, lord, your suppliant cries forhelp" ____A__ So the man prayed  and the god stemmed his current, held his_____surge at once and smoothing out the swells before Odysseus_____now, drew him safe to shore at the rivers     _____mouth. His knees buckled, massive arms fell_____limp, the sea had beaten down his striving heart. His whole body swollen,brine aplenty_____gushing out of his mouth and nostrilsbreathless,_____speechless, there he lay, with only a little strength left_____in him, deathly waves of exhaustion overwhelmed_____him now ... But once he regained his breath and rallied_____back to life, at last he loosed the goddess scarf from__his body, dropped it into the river flowing out to sea and a swift currentbore it far downstream and suddenly caught it in her hands.Struggling up from the banks, he flung_____himself in the deep reeds, he kissed the good green___I__earth and addressed his fighting spirit, desperate still __ ______"Man of misery, what next? Is this the___,__end? If I wait out a long tense night by the_____banks, I fear the sharp frost and the soaking dew_____together will do me inI' boneweary, about_____to breathe my last, and a cold wind blows from a river on toward_____morning. But what if I climb that slope, go for the   _____dark woods and bed down in the thick brush? What if_____I' spared______the chill, fatigue, and a sweet sleep_____comes my way? I fear wild beasts will drag me off as______quarry."______But this was the better course, it struck_____him now. He set out for the woods and not far from the_____water found a grove with a clearing all around and_____crawled beneath two bushy olives sprung from the___.__same root, one olive wild, the other wellbred___.__stock. No sodden gusty winds could ever pierce_____them, nor could the suns sharp rays invade their   ___i__depths, nor could a downpour drench them through and through, so dense theygrew together, tangling side__by side. Odysseus crept beneath them, scraping up_____at once a good wide bed for himself with both hands. A fine litter of deadleaves had___\'89__drifted in, enough to cover two men over, even three, in the wildest kind ofwinter known to man. Longenduring great Odysseus, overjoyed_____at the sight, bedded down in the midst and heaped the leaves_____around him. As a man will bury his glowing brand in       e_____black ashes, off on a lonely farmstead, no neighbors___.__near, to keep a spark aliveno need to kindle_____fire from somewhere elseso great Odysseus_____buried himself in leaves and Athena showered sleep upon his eyes ... sleep ina swift_____wave delivering him from all his pains and labors, blessed sleep that sealedhis eyes at last.\
\
BOOK SIX\
The Princess and the Stranger\
So there he lay at rest, the storm-tossed great Odysseus, borne down by his hard labors first and now_____deep sleep as Athena traveled through the countryside and reached thePhaeacians city. Years_____ago they lived in a land of spacious dancing_____circles, Hyperia, all too close to the overbearing_____Cyclops, stronger, violent brutes who harried them_____without end. So their godlike king, Nausithous, led the_____people off in a vast migration, settled them in______Scheria, far from the men who toil on this earth        aj he flung upwalls around the city,______built the houses,____,__raised the gods temples and shared the land_____for plowing. But his fate had long since forced him down_____to Death and now Alcinous ruled, and the gods made______him wise. __ ______Straight to his house the cleareyed___.__Pallas went, full of plans for great Odysseus_____journey home. She made her way to the gaily painted_____room where a young girl lay asleep ... a match for the deathless gods inbuild and_____beauty, Nausicaa, the daughter of generous King     _____Alcinous. Two handmaids fair as the Graces___A__slept beside her, flanking the two posts, with the gleaming doors_____closed.  But the goddess drifted through like a breath of_____fresh air, rushed to the girls bed and hovering close_____she spoke, in face and form like the shipman Dymas_____daughter, a girl the princess age, and dearest_____to her heart. Disguised, the brighteyed goddess chided,_____"Nausicaa, how could your mother bear a careless girl like you? Look at your fine clothes, lying here___\'98__neglected with your marriage not far off,                the day you should be decked in all your glory and offer elegant dress to those who form your_____escort. Thats how a brides good name goes out across the world and it brings her father and queenly mother joy._____Come, lets go wash these clothes at the break of day  I'll help you, lend a hand, and the work will_____fly You won't stay unwed long. The noblest men in the country court you now,all_____Phaeacians just like you, Phaeaciaborn and raised. So_____come, the first thing in the morning press your kingly     _____father to harness the mules and wagon for you, all_____to carry your sashes, dresses, glossy spreads___;__for your bed. Its so much nicer for you to ride than go on_____foot. The washingpools are just too far from town."______ With that the bright eyed goddess sped away_____to Olympus, where, they say, the gods eternal mansion stands_____unmoved, never rocked by gale winds, never drenched_____by rains,  nor do the drifting snows assail it, no,_____the clear air stretches away without a cloud, and a great_____radiance plays across that world where the blithe gods        __ ______live all their days in bliss. There_____Athena went, once the brighteyed one had urged the_____princess on.______Dawn soon rose on her splendid_____throne and woke Nausicaa finely gowned. Still beguiled_____by her dream, down she went through the house to tell her parents now, her beloved father and mother. She found them both__inside. Her mother sat at the hearth with several__waitingwomen,   spinning yarn on a spindle, lustrous__seablue wool. Her father she met as he left to join the___lords at a council island nobles asked him       _____to attend. She stepped up close to him, confiding,_____"Daddy dear, I wonder, won' you have them harness a_____wagon for me, the tall one with the good smooth wheels ..._____So I can take our clothes to the river for a washing? Lovely things, butlying before me all___\'ad__soiled. And you yourself, sitting among the princes, debating points at yourcouncil, you really should be wearing spotless linen. Then you have five sons, full-grown in the_____palace, two of them married, but three are lusty bachelors always demanding crisp shirts fresh from the wash  when they go out to dance. Look at my duties that all rests on me." ______ So she coaxed, too shy to touch on her hopes for marriage, young___;__warm hopes, in her fathers presence. But he saw through it_____all and answered quickly, "I won' deny you the_____mules, my darling girl ... I won' deny you___\'8b__anything. Off you go, and the men will harness a wagon, the tall one with the good smooth wheels, fitted out with a cradle on the top."  With that he called to the stablemen andthey complied. They trundled the wagon out now, rolling_____smoothly, backed the muleteam into the traces,_hitched them up, while the princess brought her finery from the______room __ ______and piled it into the wagons polished_____cradle. Her mother packed a hampertreats of all_____kinds, favorite things to refresh her daughters___.__spiritspoured wine in a skin, and as Nausicaa_____climbed aboard, the queen gave her a golden flask of_____suppling olive oil for her and her maids to smooth on after        _____bathing. Then, taking the whip in hand and gening_____reins, she touched the mules to a start and out they_____clattered, trotting on at a clip, bearing the_____princess and her clothes and not alone her maids went with her,______stepping briskly too.______Once they reached the banks of the river_____flowing strong  where the pools would never fail, with plenty of_____water cool and clear, bubbling up and rushing through to scour the darkeststainsthey loosed the_____mules, out from under the wagon yoke, and chased them_____down the rivers rippling banks to graze on    _____luscious clover. Down from the cradle they lifted clothes by the_____armload, plunged them into the dark pools and stamped_____them down in the hollows, one girl racing the next___;__to finish first until they' scoured and rinsed off all the_____grime, then they spread them out in a line along the___.__beach where the surf had washed a pebbly scree_____ashore. And once they' bathed and smoothed their skin_____with oil,   they took their picnic, sitting along the___;__rivers banks and waiting for all the clothes to dry in the___A__hot noon sun. Now fed to their hearts content, the princess  _____and her retinue threw their veils to the wind, struck up a_____game of ball. Whitearmed Nausicaa led their singing,_____dancing beat ... as lithe as Artemis with her arrows striding_____down from a high peak Taygetus towering_____ridge or Erymanthusthrilled to race with the wild boar or bounding_____deer, and nymphs of the hills race with her, daughters of Zeus whose shieldis storm_____and thunder, ranging the hills in sport, and Letos_____heart exults as head and shoulders over the rest her______daughter rises,______unmistakableshe outshines them all, though  a_____all are lovely. So Nausicaa shone among her maids, a______virgin, still unwed.______But now, as she was about to fold her clothes and yoke the mules and turnfor home again, now clear eyed Pallas thought of what_____came next, to make Odysseus wake and see this young_____beauty and she would lead him to the Phaeacians______town. The ball ______ the princess suddenly tossed it_____to a maid but it missed the girl, splashed in a deep___,__swirling pool and they all shouted out ______ and that woke great Odysseus.   He sat up with a start, puzzling,his heart  a_____pounding "Man of misery, whose land have I lit on_____now? What _Ei_are_Ei_ they hereviolent, savage,_____lawless? or friendly to strangers, godfearing men? en shouting, echoinground mewomen,_____girlsor the nymphs who haunt the rugged_____mountaintops and the river springs and meadows lush with_____grass Or am I really close to people who speak_____my language? Up with you, see how the land lies, see for______yourself now ..."____"__Muttering so, great Odysseus crept_____out of the bushes, stripping off with his massive hand a leafy    _____branch from the tangled olive growth to shield his___...__body,  hide his private parts. And out he stalked as a mountain lion exultantin his power strides through wind and rain and his eyes___,__blaze and he charges sheep or oxen or chases_____wild deer but his hunger drives him on to go for__flocks, even to raid the bedefended homestead. So Odysseus moved out ...about to mingle with all those lovely girls, naked now as he was, for the need drove him  a_____on, a terrible sight, all crusted, caked with___brine they scattered in panic down the jutting_____beaches. Only Alcinous daughter held fast, for_____Athena planted courage within her heart, dissolved the______trembling in her limbs,_________ _______and she firmly stood her ground and faced Odysseus, torn nowShould he fling his arms around her knees, the_____young beauty, plead for help, or stand back, plead with a winning word, beg her to lead him to the town and lend him clothing? This was the better way, he thought. Plead_____now with a subtle, winning word and stand well       a_____back, don' clasp her knees, the girl might_____bridle, yes. He launched in at once, endearing, sly_____and suave "Here I am at your mercy, princessare you a goddess or a mortal?If one_____of the gods who rule the skies up there, you're___;__Artemis to the life, the daughter of mighty ZeusI see her___?__nowjust look  at your build, your bearing, your lithe flowing_____grace ... But if you're one of the mortals living here_____on earth, three times blest are your father, your queenly_____mother, three times over your brothers too. How    a_____often their hearts must warm with joy to see you striding into the_____dances such a bloom of beauty. True, but he_____is the one more blest than all other men alive, that_____man who sways you with gifts and leads you home,_____his bride I have never laid eyes on anyone like you, neither man nor woman... I look at you and a sense of wonder_____takes me. ______ Wait, once I saw the likein Delos, beside__Apollos altar  the young slip of a palmtree springing into the_____light. There I' sailed, you see, with a great army  _____in my wake, out on the long campaign that doomed my_____life to hardship. That vision Just as I stood there gazing, rapt, for hours ... no shaft like that had ever risen up from the_____earthso now I marvel at _Ei_you,_Ei_ my lady_____rapt, enthralled, too struck with awe to grasp you by the knees though painhas ground me down. ______ Only yesterday, the twentieth day, did I escape the wine dark sea. Till then the waves and the rushing gales had_____swept me on from the island of Ogygia. Now some power_____has tossed me here, doubtless to suffer still more torments on your      a_____shores._______________I can' believe they'll stop. Long before_____that the gods will give me more, still more. ______ Compassion princess, please You, after all that I have_____suffered, you are the first I've come to. I know no_____one else, none in your city, no one in your land. Show me the way to town,give me a rag_____for cover, just some cloth, some wrapper you carried with you_____here. And may the good gods give you all your_____heart desires husband, and house, and lasting harmony too. No finer, greatergift in the world than that    _____... when man and woman possess their home,_____two minds, two hearts that work as one. Despair to their_____enemies,   a joy to all their friends. Their own best______claim to glory."______"Stranger," the whitearmed princess____answered staunchly, "friend, you're hardly a wicked man, and no_____fool, I' sayits Olympian Zeus himself who hands our_____fortunes out, to each of us in turn, to the good and bad, however Zeusprefers ... He gave you pain, it seems. You_____simply have to bear it. But now, seeing you've reached our city and our  land, you'll never lack for clothing or any other_____gift, the right of wornout suppliants come our_____way. I'll show you our town, tell you our peoples_____name. Phaeacians we are, who hold this city_____and this land,______and I am the daughter of generous King_____Alcinous. All our peoples power stems from him."____'__She called out to her girls with lovely_____braids "Stop, my friends Why run when you see a_____man? Surely you don' think _Ei_him_Ei_ an enemy,___a__do you? Theres no one alive, there never will be one,   who' reachPhaeacian soil and lay it_____waste. The immortals love us far too much for_____that. We live too far apart, out in the surging_____sea, off at the worlds endno other mortals come to mingle with us._________ ______But heres an unlucky wanderer strayed our_____way and we must tend him well. Every stranger and_____beggar comes from Zeus, and whatever scrap we___,__give him he'll be glad to get. So, quick, my___\'88__girls, give our newfound friend some food and drink    and bathe the manin the river, wherever you find some shelter from the wind." At that they came to a halt and teased each other on and led Odysseus down to a sheltered spot where he could find a seat, just as greatAlcinous daughter told them. They laid out cloak and shirt for him_____to wear, they gave him the golden flask of suppling__olive oil and pressed him to bathe himself in the rivers_____stream.  Then thoughtful Odysseus reassured the     b_____handmaids, "Stand where you are, dear girls, a good way_____off, so I can rinse the brine from my shoulders now and rub myself with oil... how long its been since oil touched my_____skin But I won' bathe in front of you. I___?__would be embarrassed stark naked before young girls with lovely______braids." The handmaids scurried off to tell their_____mistress. Great Odysseus bathed in the river,___;__scrubbed his body clean of brine that clung to his back and_____broad shoulders, scoured away the brackish scurf that caked  _____his head. And then, once he had bathed all over,_____rubbed in oil   and donned the clothes the virgin princess_____gave him, Zeuss daughter Athena made him__taller to all eyes, his build more massive now, and down from his_____brow she ran his curls like thick hyacinth_____clusters full of blooms. As a master_____craftsman washes gold over beaten silver a man the god___.__of fire and Queen Athena trained in every fine_____techniqueand finishes off his latest effort, handsome_____work, so she lavished splendor over his head and    b_____shoulders now. And down to the beach he walked and sat apart, __ ______gening in his glory, breathtaking, yes, and the princess gazed inwonder ...  then turned to her maids with lovely_____braided hair "Listen, my whitearmed girls, to what_____I tell you. The gods of Olympus can' be all against_____this man whos come to mingle among our noble people. At first he seemedappalling, I must_____saynow he seems like a god who rules the_____skies up there Ah, if only a man like _Ei_that_Ei_ were called    _____my husband, lived right here, pleased to stay forever ...______ Enough. Give the stranger food and drink, my_____girls." They hung on her words and did her will_____at once, set before Odysseus food and drink, and_____he ate and drank,   the great Odysseus, long deprived, so_____ravenous nowit seemed like years since he had tasted______food.____The whitearmed princess thought of one_____last thing. Folding the clothes, she packed them into her___;__painted wagon, hitched the sharphoofed mules, and climbing_____up herself, Nausicaa urged Odysseus, warmly    b_____urged her guest, "Up with you now, my friend, and off to town we_____go. I'll see you into my wise fathers palace___.__where, I promise you, you'll meet all the best_____Phaeacians. Wait, lets do it this way. You seem_____no fool to me. While we're passing along the fields and_____plowlands,______you follow the mules and wagon, stepping___,__briskly with all my maids. I'll lead the way_____myself. But once we reach our city, ringed by walls and strong high towerstoo, with a fine harbor___A__either side ... and the causeway in is narrow; along the      _____road the rolling ships are all hauled up, with a slipway cleared_____for every vessel. Theres our assembly, round___?__Poseidons royal precinct, built of quarried slabs planted deep_____in the earth. Here the sailors tend their black ships_____tackle, cables and sails, and plane their oarblades_____down. Phaeacians, you see, care nothing for bow_____or quiver,_________ _______only for mas and oars and good trim ships___.__themselveswe glory in our ships, crossing the_____foaming seas But I shrink from all our seadogs_____nasty gossip. Some old salt might mock us behind our     ______backswe have our share of insolent types in town and one of the coarsersort, spying us, might___,__say, Now whos that tall, handsome stranger_____Nausicaa has in tow? Where' she light on _Ei_him?_Ei_ Her husband\'fe_____tobe, just wait But whosome shipwrecked stray she\'92s_____taken up with, some alien from abroad? Since nobody_____lives nearby. Unless its really a god come down from the_____blue to answer all her prayers, and to have her all_____his days.  Good riddance Let the girl go roving_____to find herself a man from foreign parts. She only        spurns her owncountless Phaeacians round about who court_____her, nothing but our be. ____\}__ So they'll scoff ... just think of the scandal that would face me then. _Ei_Id_Ei_ find fault with a girl who carried_____on that way, flouting her parents wishesfather, mother, still_____aliveconsorting with men before she' tied the knot in___.__public. No, stranger, en closely to what I_____say, the sooner to win your swift voyage home at my_____fathers hands. Now, you'll find a splendid grove_____along the roadpoplars, sacred to Pallas           ______a bubbling springs inside and meadows run_____around it. There lies my fathers estate, his_____blossoming orchard too, as far from town as a mans strong shout can_____carry. Take a seat there, wait a while, and_____give us time to make it into town and reach my fathers house. Then, when you think we're home, walk on_____yourself to the city, ask the way to my fathers___\'89__palace, generous King Alcinous. You cannot miss it, even an innocent childcould guide you there. No other Phaeacians house is       _____built like that so grand, the palace of Alcinous, our great_____hero. Once the mansion and courtyard have enclosed_____you, go, quickly, across the hall until you reach my_____mother.______________Beside the hearth she sits in the fires_____glare, spinning yarn on a spindle, seablue_____woola stirring sight, you'll see ... she leans against a pillar, her ladies_____sit behind. And my fathers throne is drawn up close_____beside her; there he sits and takes his wine, a___?__mortal like a god. Go past him, grasp my mothers knees   c_____if you want to see the day of your return, roicing,_____soon, even if your homes a world away. If only the queen will take you toher_____heart, then theres hope that you will see your loved _____ones, reach your own grand house, your native land______at la."____.__At that she touched the mules with her shining_____whip and they quickly left the running stream behind. The team trotted on,their hoofs wove in_____and out. She drove them back with care so all the_____rest, maids and Odysseus, could keep the pace  _____on foot, and she used the whip discreetly. The sun sank as they reached thehallowed_____grove, sacred to Athena, where Odysseus stopped_____and sat and said a prayer at once to mighty_____Zeuss daughter "Hear me, daughter of Zeus whose shield___,__is thundertireless one, Athena Now hear my_____prayer at last, for you never heard me then, when I was_____shattered,______when the famous god of earthquakes wrecked_____my craft. Grant that here among the Phaeacian people I may find some mercyand some love"     c______So he prayed and Athena heard his_____prayer but would not yet appear to him undisguised. She stood in awe of her Fathers brother,_____lord of the sea who still seethed on, still churning with rage against thegreat Odysseus till he reached his native land.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0

\f3 \cf0 \
}