{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1187\cocoasubrtf390
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f1\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
{\info
{\title Assignment: }
{\author Julia Roberts}
{\*\company Dell Computer Corporation}}\margl1080\margr1080\margb720\margt1080\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \
Assignment: \
1. bullet items in the the section indicated. Note: you can find bullets in the "list style" popup near where you go to change the fond and spacing.\
2. spell check this letter. Assume proper names are spelled correctly.\
3. insert a page  break after this instruction. You will find this under insert in the edit menu\
\
888 Court Square, Ste. 666\
Charlottesville, Virginia 22902\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\qr
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0
\cf0 August 16, 2011\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\qr
\cf0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0
\cf0 \
Mr. Robert W. Solger, Sales VP\
AT & T Business Network Sales, Room D-333\
3033 Chain Bridge Road\
Oakton, Virginia 22185\
\
Hello Bob:\
\
Thank you for the oppurtunity to meet with you.  I would like to review how I will be a valueable member of your 
\i Sales Team.  
\i0 In my current and past sales and management positions, I have demonstrated\
(make the items below bulleted and delete this line)\
\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\ri0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 the ability to take a scientific, delliberate, and planned approach to the 	     business of selling.\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0
\cf0 a continual comitment to both personal and professional growth.  I will seek every training opportunity you offer.\
the ability to find the customer's needs in order to produce the correct solution to reduce or eliminate churn.\
the ability to build and maintain relationships with customers so that they will continue to allow me to provide them with sollutions.\
a proven ability to investment-justify to maintain proffitable margins.\
the ability to accurately perceive, change and adapt as the marketplace demands.\
the proven ability to teach these skills to others.  \
a desire to win and help team members be their best.\
\
Thanks once again, Bob.  I am awaiting a call from Mike Patrick. If I haven't yet heard from him in about a week, I'll let you know.  Hope to see you on your trip to Charlottesville.\
\
Sincerely,\
\
\
\
Chas L. Longhorn\
						804 / 981-0077
\i \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0

\f1\i0\fs22 \cf0 \
}