{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1187\cocoasubrtf400
\cocoascreenfonts1{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww13800\viewh11400\viewkind1
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \
Working With Special Characters\
\
The Mac has a very wide range of special characters that can be used to write math, foreign languages, and add design elements to your document. Hitting option or shift-option with different letters,, numbers, and symbols will produce some of these characters. For example, you may have accidentally inserted a \uc0\u8730  (square root) into a document by pressing option-v instead of command-v when you wanted to paste something into a document. Here is a brief list of some of the more common math and punctuation symbols:\
\
Math Symbols\
\uc0\u8710   increment -- option-j\
\'ac not sign -- option-l\
\'b5 greek small letter mu -- option-m\
\uc0\u960  greek small pi -- option-p\
\uc0\u8730  square root -- option-v\
\uc0\u8776  almost equal to -- option-x\
\uc0\u937  greek capital letter omega -- option-z\
\uc0\u8734  infinity  symbol -- option-5\
\'ba degrees symbol --option-0\
\uc0\u8800  not equal to sign -- option-=\
\uc0\u8260  fraction slash -- option-shift-1\
\'b7 middle dot -- option-shift-9\
\'b1 plus or minus -- option-shift-= \
\'b4 prime symbol -- option-shift-e\
\
Punctuation Symbols\
\'85 elipses -- option-semicolon\
\'a2 cent sign -- option-4\
\'95 bullet -- option-8\
\'80 euro sign -- option-shift-2\
\
If you want symbols that are not assigned a keystroke, you can go to the edit menu and select special characters. Here you will find hundreds of different symbols rouped by category. VoiceOver recognizes and describes these symbols to you. You may need to change your verbosity settings by hitting vo-v to get it to voice them as you read line by line. \
You can make exponents by putting the number into superscript. You will find this option under font then baseline in the format menu.  You will find subscript there as well. You can use 2 lines and underline the top line to represent algebraic division\
\
Use the special characters to write the following expressions  using the correct symbols. Things that should be changed into symbols appear in brackets.\
\
1. seven x [multiplication sign] three y [is less than or equal to] four y minus twelve.\
\
2. [pi] [is almost equal to] 3.14.\
\
3. [angle] B [is greater than or equal to] sixty degrees.\
\
4. H[subscript 2]O plus Cl [right arrow]  HCl plus O[subszcript 2].\
\
5. [cube root] x over y [squared] [is less than or equal to[ four y over x.\
\
6. Insert an inverted exclamation point below this line.\
\
7. Insert a ballot box with check below this line.\
\
8. Insert a yen sign.\
\
9. Insert a check mark below this line.\
\
10. Insert an umbrella below this line.\
}