{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1187\cocoasubrtf390
\cocoascreenfonts1{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\info
{\title Simple Formatting in Microsoft Word}
{\author Default}}\vieww13140\viewh12900\viewkind1
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \
Simple Formatting \
\
Simple formatting can be used to add emphasis to words, set headings apart from the rest of the text or just make the printed document more visually appealing.  Bolding, italicizing, and underlining words or phrases sets them apart from the surrounding text and gives them emphasis. Centering a line lets people know that it is some kind of title or heading. \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\qc
\cf0 Keyboard Shortcuts \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0
\cf0 align text left  -- command-shift-left bracket\
align text right  -- command-shift-right bracket\
center text - command-shift-backslash\
underline -- command-u\
bold -- command-b\
italic -- command-i\
\
ALWAYS remember that only the selected text will be effected by the change in formatting! If you use these commands when nothing is selected, everything that is typed at that point in the document will be effected by this formatting.\
\
Assignment\
1. write the keyboard shortcuts listed above in your notes, be sure to take notes on any other part of this document that you find useful.\
2. center the first line of this document. \
3. The line that reads: Keyboard Shortcuts is a subheading.  This subheading needs to be left aligned and underlined.\
4. bold the first line of this document. \
5. italicize the last paragraph of this document, the one that begins \'93Always remember.\'94\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li14400\fi-14400\ri0
\cf0 \
}