{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1187\cocoasubrtf390
\cocoascreenfonts1{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
{\info
{\title The Font and Paragraph Dialog Boxes}
{\author Julia Roberts}
{\*\company Dell Computer Corporation}}\vieww13140\viewh12740\viewkind1
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0

\f0\fs18 \cf0 \
Changing Fonts and Line Spacing \
\
Different fonts give readers of a document different impressions  about the nature of the document. Business letters and school papers should be written in fonts that are clear and easy to read. Cursive or handwriting fonts might be appropriate for thank you notes or personal letters. Fonts that look like old-fashioned playbill type stetting might be appropriate for a sign or flyer. The size of a font also matters. Most professors specify the font that size that they want you to use. Usually the body of a paper is written in 12 point font. A title might be in 14 or 16 point font. Ne Anything smaller than 10 point could be considered fine print.\
\
\{The use of line spacing\}\
\
Double spaced text is a little more comfortable to read in large batches. Also it provides more space for notations and marks that a professor or editor may wish to make on the text. This is why professors generally ask for papers to be double spaced. You can change a document\'92s spacing by selecting the area you wish to change, then using your VO-arrow commands to move to the "line spacing" popup box and selecting the option you want. You can change the font in the same way.\
\
\{Useful keystrokes\}\
\
Copy text style -- command-option-c\
Paste text style \'96 command-option-v (This allows you transfer the font face, size and formatting of one block of text onto another)\
Grow font \'96 command-shift-equals\
Shrink font \'96 command-shift-hyphen\
\
Assignment\
\pard\pardeftab720\li720\fi-360\ri0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 1.	Change the font of this document to Arial\
2.	Change the font size of this document to 12 point\
3.	Change the font size of the title of this document to 16 point\
4.	Change the line spacing of this document to double spaced\
5. Italicize the words in braces and Put them  in 14 point font\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0
\cf0 \
\
\
\
\
\
\
}