{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1187\cocoasubrtf390
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\info
{\author Default}}\vieww12840\viewh12960\viewkind1
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0

\f0\fs16 \cf0 Note: You will return later to this paper to address spelling mistakes, so ignore them for now.\
\
!!!put this entire paper in Arial 12 point font!!!\
!!!left align the next four lines!!!\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\qc
\cf0 Journeys, Trials, & Triumphs\
Paper 1\
November 1, 2001\
Emily Wharton\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0
\cf0 \
\
!!! put the next two lines in 14 point font and center them !!!\
Contemporary American Poetic Extrapolations \
from Homer's !!!italicize the next word !!! Odessy\
!!! double space everything past this point !!!\
	As it is written as a limited third person narrative, !!! italicize the next two words !!! The Odessy is structurally incapable of providing the reader with much detail regarding the inner  thoughts and emotions of its characters.  One might argue that this is one of the primary reasons that the poem has remained as widely read and as relevant as it has for more than two thousand years.  Through their speech and actions, we can draw vague outlines of what the characters wanted and how they felt about each other: Odysseus wanted to go home, Penelopie wanted Odysseus to come home, Telemachus wanted his mother to let him grow up, etc.  This allows the reader the opportunity to either choose to read this poem as one might watch an action-adventure film - allowing the story and special effects to carry one through the poem - or choose to flesh out the characters' psyches - constructing for oneself the tangled webs of emotions and relationships that one would imagine to exist or unfold within and between the characters in the circumstances of the narrative.  	\
	Thus, while the narrative does not tend to generate scholarly debate over its meaning or lend itself to a variety of interpretations, it does allow for a great deal of extrapolation. The lack of embedded emotional and relational detail grants the reader a great deal of space within which to weave her/his own web of relationships and the primary colored emotions used by the poem can be mixed into an infinite number of shades.  \
	A poet desiring to create a poem from this text has an even more vast field of possibilities.  She or he can concentrate on one aspect of the original poem and bring it into focus through the use of poetic devices and richness of detail.  He or she can take the original poem or simply its main characters or relational structure and re-locate it/them within time or space to draw attention to the universality or specificity of the situation, re-voice the poem in a way that could not have been credible at the original time or place, or use the original narrative to lend credibility to a particular set of contemporary emotional politics.  Or, as !!! italicize the next two words !!! The Odessy, as a text, has become so deeply embedded within Western culture and tagged with various social connotations that the text itself -- as a cultural art-fact -- can be used as the subject of a poem or its grouping with other cultural art-facts can be used to create a number of poetic effects.  \
!!! left align and bold the next line !!!\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\qc
\cf0 Embroidering on the text\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0
\cf0 	An excellent example of a poem that focuses in on one aspect of the original poem and gives it explicit complex emotion is "Odysseus to Telemachus" by Joseph Brodky.  This poem is written as if it were a letter that Odysseus had written to his son. The mention of the grunting pigs would suggest that Odysseus had written this letter after landing on the island of Circe but before actually encountering Circe herself.\
	The Odysseus of this poem is mentally and emotionally complicated. He is   homesick and emotionally and physically  exhausted, but still wise and reflective. He regrets his current state, but sees where his absence may have benefited Telemachus in the long term - saying: "\'85away from me / you are quite safe from all Oedipal passions,".  He has become cynical about war and critical of his own army and people -- as evidence by the lines: "\'85I don't recall who won it./  The Greeks, no doubt, for only they would leave / so many dead so far from their own homeland."  The use of the word "they" as opposed to the word "we", shows a high degree of detachment and possibly some anger.  The Odysseus of this poem is an unhonored veteran, a wanderer and an exile who has not yet encountered anything. but pain and loss in his travels. He has not yet encountered the complicating pleasures found on Circe's island and can still view his journey in straight forward terms. \
	After reading about how Odysseus wept all day long on Calypso's island, I began to wonder how she could bare to keep someone with her who was so obviously miserable.  These thoughts led me to write the following poem:\
!!! put the next 27 lines in 10 point type and single space them!!!\
Calypso - A Pantoum\
\
What I salvage from the sea\
should be mine to keep.\
He was Poseidon's refuse\
and though he is useless in daylight\
\
he should be mine to keep\
in the night where there is work\
for what is useless in daylight.\
There are no tears in our bed\
\
because in the night there is work\
for arms and thighs shaped by the sea's lathe.\
There are no tears in our bed,\
only moans and whispers --\
\
arms and thighs shaped by the sea's lathe\
rolling over ambrosia flesh rolling under\
the night birds' screams and whispers.\
But Zues has ended this, sent him away\
\
rolling over green waves rolling under.\
He is Poseidon's refuse,\
but Zues will end this, and leave me with only\
what I salvage from the sea.\
\
	I set my poem in Calypso's mind a short time after Odysseus left her island.  At this point in time it is reasonable to assume that she would be actively questioning her relationship with Odysseus and so this inner speech would feel plausible to readers. I needed to explore the emotional questions from Calypso's point of view, so the use of the first person and the assumption of her voice appeared to be the most effective choice. I chose my form to emblemize the confusion and the circular nature of the thoughts that would be running through her head at the time. I also wanted to illustrate how the gods give gifts and then   take them away at their pleasure and this form and its uses of repetition made Poseidon's re-appearance in the last stanza much easier.  \
	Through the writing of this poem I came to my own construction or understanding of Calypso's motivations and emotions.  I came to create her as someone who is very pragmatic, willing to sacrifice day for night and fullness of emotional connection for physical love. This characterization does not descend directly from what is stated in the text of the original poem, but rather grows from it like a child.\
\
!!! left align and bold the next line !!!\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\qc
\cf0 Shifting time and place\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0
\cf0  	In the book of poems entitled !!! italicize the next word !!! Meadowlands, Louise Glucke extrapolates from The Odessy by placing the three main characters in 1990's suburban New Jersey and writing from the first person perspective of Penelopie, Odysseus, Telemachus, Circe, and a siren.  These poems take place, for the most part, at some point in the narrative after Ulysses' return.  However, several of the poems written from the point of view of Penelopie and  those written as someone speaking to Penelopie such as "Penelopie's Song" and "Moonless Night" appear to take place before his return.  The "Telemachus' \'85" poems are written in the first person and in a style that makes them seem as if he were speaking to a therapist or writing a tell-all biography about his famous parents. Throughout the collection, Odysseus' voice is only heard as speech.  His inner or unexpressed thoughts or emotions are not made available to any third person narrator or dealt with in any lyrical passages.  He is only revealed by what he says and by what other characters would attribute to him.  Both Circe and the siren speak in the first person and are able to clearly articulate their motivations both through declaration and metaphor. There are several "Parable" poems interspersed throughout the collection   They are written from a third person standpoint and appear to be included in order to illustrate and frame different aspects of Penelopie and Odysseus' relationship.  \
	Reviewers of this collection have had two very contrasting reactions to its relocation of the characters and constructions of their relationships:\
!!! put the next 2 paragraphs in 10 point type and single space them!!!\
"Two separate narratives connect the book-the break up of a modern marriage and a re-telling of The Odyssey. By presenting the mythic alongside the everyday and contemporary, Gluck is successful in reminding us that her themes, love, grief and loss, are ones which have been with us since before there was even a written literature. And the pain and difficulty which they present us with in our own lives is the same pain and difficulty which they have always presented. This heightened awareness gives the poems a point of view which I can only characterize as being more true than the point of view usually assumed in poems" (Seekins)\
\
"the epic stage is reduced to a private garden not where the myth is made intimately personal but where the personal is exclusively mythologized." (Conboy)\
\
Strong arguments can be made and ample evidence provided in support of both of these points of view.  In essence these poems do deal with love, grief, and loss and these are elements present in !!! italicize the next two words !!! The Odessy, however, this collection really explores these emotions in a way that The Odessy does not and cannot explore them.  This is not only a structural limitation, but also socio-historic one.  The depth and breadth of this emotional examination - the way it occurs in such minute detail and from so many different points of view - is a uniquely post-modern operation.  But more than that, these poems, particularly the ones that are constructed as parts of conversations between Odysseus and Penelopie, have been written with such specificity that one can feel as though one is ease dropping.  The way Odysseus and Penelopie argue over routine in "Ceremony" or bedroom behavior in "Anniversary" produce an uncomfortable feeling-like the feeling one gets from watching a couple carry on a very personal argument in front of a formal dinner party.. Even though !!! italicize the next 2 words !!! The Odessy is rich in domestic detail, it does not have this sort of emotional detail, and therefore it could not evoke this sort of sensation. But again, the "Parable\'85" poems have the effect of placing these intimate relationships within a larger set of demonstrably re-occurring natural patterns.  "The Parable of the Swans" has the effect of making the long term deterioration of Odysseus' and Penelopie's marriage seem natural and unavoidable in the cloudy waters of everyday life.  "The Parable of the Beast" contrasts their inability to deal with ugly matters directly and in the open with the cat's ability to sink his teeth into them.\
	In the poems "Dawn With Cardinals" and "One Month Before His 50th Birthday", Jeffrey Levine places Ulysses and Penelopie in an undefined location in the present or near present time - no earlier than the invention of the bathroom scale.  In terms of the chronology of Ulysses' and Penelopie's  relationship, these poems occur after Ulysses has returned from his wandering. By setting the poems vaguely in the here and now, Levine makes one of western literature's most recognizable "everyman's a contemporary everyman.  This puts him in an ideal position to subtly induce the reader to generalize the described condition of Ulysses to the condition of middle aged men in the United States or western culture at the present time. Levine portrays a Ulysses that is weary, but not as wise and reflective as Brodky's.  Levine's Ulysses is tired, hen-pecked, and neurotic. He observes details like the bird calls and the way Penelopie hooks her finger around the loop in her bathrobe, and these details may evoke memories like that of the sailors and their windbreakers, but he does not draw any conclusions or develop any perspective or insight from these observations.  They pass through him like water\
	But an even more striking effect of the setting and characterization of this poem is the utilization of the traits the original poem ascribes to Ulysses. The original poem presents Ulysses as being strong, clever, active, famous, and worthy of the gods attention.  In Levine's poem, none of these descriptions would be accurate, in fact, the Ulysses in these poems exhibits the opposites of these traits. This contradiction between the Ulysses we come to know through the original poem and the Ulysses of Levine's poems intensifies Levine's negative portrayal.  Thus, this man is not just neurotic, dull, and inert, he is a broken hero whose former glory makes his current state all the more tragic.\
	In Karen Bjorneby's poem "Penelopie Serves Odysseus Breakfast", the contemporizing of Penelopie and Odysseus serves to give Penelopie a voice that could not have been considered credible if the poem had been set at the time of !!! italicize the next 2 words !!! The Odessy.  This poem is a fun and humorous feminist construction of Penelopie's response to Odysseus after his return.  Penelopie is independent, financially savvy, and worldly-wise and she needs to be to carry off the humor of the poem.\
	In essence, this poem and similar re-placements of the poem in time and space serve to not only talk back to the original poem, but also to talk back to the aura surrounding the poem that exists in the world where the poem is re-placed.  The Bjourneby poem needs to spring from and feed off of the notion of the "Patience of Penelopie" in order to have the impact of its juxtaposition with or even transformation of that notion. If the characters of the poem were not Penelopie and Odysseus and the poem could not depend upon the notion of Penelopie as a model of enduring steadfastness having been previously implanted somewhere in the minds of the reader, it could not pull off the social criticism or have the comic impact that it does. One evening after a discussion of the notion of Odysseus as an enduring "everyman" of western culture, I wrote the following poem:\
!!! put the next 27 lines in 10 point type and single space them!!!\
Odysseus on the 21A \
\
Odysseus would never ride the 21A \
There are a lot of reasons.\
It's not sleek,\
it's not trim,\
It's not fast. \
It is a giant International Coffees' tin \
with four wheels and a diesel engine\
and even late at night it will stop at every corner\
to pick someone up or let someone off.\
Odysseus could not command the 21A.\
He couldn't tell the driver to put his back in the oars.\
He couldn't even tell the loud ******\
laying across the back sideways seats\
to shut the **** up \
or he'll run him through with a bronze tipped spear.\
No driver will let you board carrying a bronze tipped spear\
They won't even let you on carrying a sandwich.\
and when he and the loud ****** get \
off the bus in front of Kmart\
to beat one another's brains out\
six of the loud ****** friends \
will appear out of nowhere\
to kick Odysseus' *** \
all the way back to Ithaca or Edina\
or whatever suburb he came from.\
\
In this poem, I wanted to utilize and play with the notions of Odysseus as an "everyman" and as a hero and in so doing explore the idea of who or what would or could be considered an "everyman" in Minneapolis, Minnesota in 2001.  I wanted to say that traditional or archetypal notions of heroism or nobility could not practically survive in the day-to-day lives of those who, in the political sense of the term (the proletarian sense), fit the term "everyman".  But I could not have attempted this without the constructions of Odysseus as a cultural reference that I can assume have been placed (or could be placed through a quick internet search) within the minds of the readers of the poem.\
\
!!! left align and bold the next line !!!\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\qc
\cf0 !!! italicize the next two words !!! The Odessy as art-fact\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0
\cf0 	!!! italicize the next 2 words !!! The Odessy has been generating artistic response since its writing.  Some of these responses have become  famous and culturally significant enough to attract poetic attention of their own. Alfred Lord Tennyson's "Ulysses" is one such work.  It uses striking, vibrant language. Its talk of the need to continue--to strive and grow right until death--can be clearly recognized and understood even by those who have not read The Odessy. Tennyson's "Ulysses" triggered Jason Christie's "Telemachus responds to Ulysses". This poem is written from the point of view of the Telemachus address in "Ulysses"; giving his angry response to the part of Ulysses' speech where Ulysses spoke of handing over the kingship to his son.  Christie's Telemachus found this speech condescending and spoke of the virtues and honor involved in being a just king.  When these poems are read sequentially, they create an interesting dialogue about the value of experience and the purposes of existence that could inspire further works.\
	In "Homer, Faulkner, Noir", Greg Rappleye positions The Odessy as a link in a historical chain of noir. He focuses in on the brief scene in Book Five where Odysseus, clinging to a scrap of his broken raft, is seen and aided by Ino. He  likens this scene to a 1940's film, causing the reader to imagine it in black and white with quick, sharp exchanges between the characters. Then Rappleye moves on, talking about how the film The Big Sleep came to completion, then describing a scene from it, then conjuring up the scene of the script's completion and departure from the authors' hands. The reasoning for these transitions or the connecting thread between them is stated in the first line -- "How the modern noir resembles the ancient noir." The scene from The Odessy presented here is the ancient noir and it is presented in a way that emphasizes the similarities between it and the scene from The Big Sleep.  The scene with the porter flipping the silver dollar and walking past the soldier then places an overlay on both previous scenes. It presses onto them the idea that while some means of entertainment remain constant through centuries, the social structures in which they are enjoyed do alter over time.  In this, The Odessy is being used for its value as an interesting story; a means of entertainment and diversion.\
	In "Argos", ;Michael Collier writes not only about The Odessy, but also about the experience of reading The Odessy. He writes from a first person point of view and addresses the reader of the poem as "you". He speaks to the reader with the assumption that she/he read The Odessy as a young person and notes the differences in what aspects of the poem she/he would focus on when re-reading it many years later.  He suggests that a young person would most likely be reading The Odessy as a high school assignment and would pay greatest attention to those aspects that would likely appear on an exam as well as the aspects that are exciting and action oriented.  He says that he did this himself, but upon later reading, noticed Argos and suggests that the reader might do the same; saying "And if you returned home after twenty years / you might weep for the hunting dog // you long ago abandoned, rising from the garbage" The "you" in these lines is a complex reference. It both puts the reader in Odysseus' position -- making him/her empathize with the sadness that caused Odysseus to cry -- and also implicates the reader in his/her own abandonment of the dog - eluding to the way this scene was not noticed in the earlier reading of the poem. This can evoke feelings of guilt in the reader and Collier's succinct description of the dog's pathetic condition amplifies the sadness the scene itself stirs.\
	Collier uses the reading of The Odessy as a type of ruler by which the stages of life can be marked.  One could gauge one's own emotional development by how they read this text.  This makes the poem itself, as a literary work the real subject of the poem rather than the story of the decrepit dog.\
\
!!! bold and left align the next line !!\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\qc
\cf0 Conclusions\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0
\cf0 	Since its creation, Homer's Odessy has served as a seed from which poets have grown new works of art and if contemporary American poetry is any indication,  this tendency shows no signs of diminishing.  Its epic nature, tenuous relationships, and lack of emotional detail present almost limitless points from which to expound or create.  The nature of the characters and their relationships to one another lend themselves to re-placement and re-positioning within time and place which allows for an abundance of intriguing and thought provoking thematic permutations. The poem itself and its positioning as a cultural object and shared story gives poets the opportunity to write about the poem as an art or cultural fact. They may write about their experience of that cultural object or how it is linked to other cultural objects throughout history.  The possibilities are endless and endlessly intriguing..\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
}