{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1187\cocoasubrtf400
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\info
{\title Using Spell Check}
{\author Julia Roberts}
{\*\company Dell Computer Corporation}}\vieww10800\viewh9000\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0

\f0\fs20 \cf0 \
Using Spell Check\
\
This documentt is an overview of spell checking.  Read through it carefully.  You may wish to read it more than once. You may wish to jot down some notes.\
\
The spell check function in TextEditand other applications can be a varie useful tool. It can help you to find and correct spelling errors in your documentt.   \
\
When you hit command-shift-semicolon, , a dialog box will appear.  When the box opens, VoiceOver will read the first mispelled word it finds in the document. You can use the arrow keys to read the word letter by letter. If you hit tab, you will then go to a list of suggestionss. \
\
At this point, you must make a decision. You can:\
1. decide to go to the suggestion box and choose a replacement for the mispelled word\
2.  edit the text in the box manually and fix the mistake yourself.\
3.  decide that what the computer thinks is an error is actually not an error. and tell the computer to ignore it.\
\
1. Using the suggestion box.\
If you think that the computer has come up with the right spelling for the word, you will save yourself time by going to the suggestion box and choosing the proper spelling from the list.\
\
Do this by hitting the tab key until you hear VoiceOver say \'93Suggested Corrections.\'94, this control is a list box and as it is a list box, you can use the up and down arrows to find the word you are looking for.  Once you have found the word you are looking for, you need to tab to the \'93change\'94 button.  \
\
2. Editing the mispelling yourself\
Sometimes a weird error occurs and you are pretty sure that the computer is not going to figure out what the correct spelling is.  Or sometimes the computer will say \'93no suggestions\'94 \'96 which means that nothing in its list of correctly spelled words comes close to what it found in your text. When this happens, it is best to eddit the word yourself.  You can do this the same way that you edit in your documentt,  by using the arrows, reading letter by letter.  When you have made your corrections, you will need to tab to the change button  and press enter.\
\
3. Ignore it.\
Sometimes what the computer thinks is a mispelled word is actually a person\'92s name or a word from another language or something else that should be left as it is.  When this happens, tab to the ignore button.  \
\
If you would like the computer to add a name or other word that you use frequently to its spelling dictionary, choose the learn button instead of the ignore button. \
\
If you select the define button, the Mac\'92s built-in dictionary app  will open. It will  automatically search for the selected word in a veriety of places including Wikipedia. This can be very useful if you are not sure how the proper name of a famous person is sppelled. However, it is important to remember that this is a separate application and not part of TextEdit.\
\
Note: If you just want to have your cursor moved to the next mispelled word in your document, simply hit command-semicolon. This can be quicker for making basic corrections.\
\
It is varie important to always read through your documentt yourself.  While spell check will catch a lot of errors, it will not catch all of them. \
\
You may choose to check or uncheck the "check gramar' check box. Some people find this helpful, while others find it annoying. \
\
Now that you have carefully read through this introductory material, get your instructor\'92s attention.  Feel free to ask any questions, but be aware that if the answer to your question can be found in this documentt, you will be pointed to the place in the documentt where you may find it for yourself.  When your questions have been answered, you will begin using the spell check by spell checking this documentt.  Did you notice any spelling errorrs as you read? There are quite a few.  Good luck and happy practice!\
\
\
}