{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0\stshfdbch0\stshfloch0\stshfhich0\stshfbi0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f1\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Arial;}
{\f223\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f224\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\f226\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f227\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\f228\froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f229\froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\f230\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f231\froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}
{\f233\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Arial CE;}{\f234\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Arial Cyr;}{\f236\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Arial Greek;}{\f237\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Arial Tur;}{\f238\fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Arial (Hebrew);}
{\f239\fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Arial (Arabic);}{\f240\fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Arial Baltic;}{\f241\fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Arial (Vietnamese);}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;
\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;
\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f1\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext0 \styrsid7285235 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive \ssemihidden 
Default Paragraph Font;}{\*\ts11\tsrowd\trftsWidthB3\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trcbpat1\trcfpat1\tscellwidthfts0\tsvertalt\tsbrdrt\tsbrdrl\tsbrdrb\tsbrdrr\tsbrdrdgl\tsbrdrdgr\tsbrdrh\tsbrdrv 
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1024\langfe1024\cgrid\langnp1024\langfenp1024 \snext11 \ssemihidden Normal Table;}}{\*\latentstyles\lsdstimax156\lsdlockeddef0}{\*\rsidtbl \rsid801297\rsid5208476
\rsid7285235\rsid11211713\rsid12911010}{\*\generator Microsoft Word 11.0.5604;}{\info{\title THE NIGHT BEFORE CHRISTMAS}{\author Emily Wharton}{\operator Emily Wharton}{\creatim\yr2011\mo11\dy11\hr11\min3}{\revtim\yr2011\mo11\dy11\hr11\min3}{\version2}
{\edmins5}{\nofpages3}{\nofwords449}{\nofchars2560}{\nofcharsws3003}{\vern24689}}\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\noxlattoyen\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\formshade\horzdoc\dgmargin\dghspace180\dgvspace180\dghorigin1800\dgvorigin1440\dghshow1
\dgvshow1\jexpand\viewkind4\viewscale208\viewzk2\pgbrdrhead\pgbrdrfoot\splytwnine\ftnlytwnine\htmautsp\nolnhtadjtbl\useltbaln\alntblind\lytcalctblwd\lyttblrtgr\lnbrkrule\nobrkwrptbl\snaptogridincell\allowfieldendsel
\wrppunct\asianbrkrule\rsidroot7285235\newtblstyruls\nogrowautofit \fet0\sectd \linex0\endnhere\sectlinegrid360\sectdefaultcl\sftnbj {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang 
{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang 
{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain 
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid7285235 \f1\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\insrsid12911010 Instructions:
\par 
\par 1. Put this document in Times New Roman font. 
\par 2. Center the title and author and put those lines in 14 point font. 
\par 3. Read the story and then spell check it.
\par 
\par }{\insrsid7285235 THE NIGHT BEFORE CHRISTMAS
\par by Clement Clarke Moore
\par 
\par 'Twas the night before Christmas, when all through the house
\par 
\par Not a creature was stirring, not even a mouse;
\par 
\par The stockings were hung by the chimney with care,
\par 
\par In hopes that St. Nicholas soonn would be there;
\par 
\par The children were nestled all snug in their beds,
\par 
\par While visions of sugar-plums dansed in their heads;
\par 
\par And mamma in her 'kerchief, and I in my cap,
\par 
\par Had just settled down for a long winter's napp,
\par 
\par When out on the lawn there arose such a clatter,
\par 
\par I sprang from the bed to see what was the mater.
\par 
\par Away to the window I flew like a flash,
\par 
\par Tore open the shutters and threw up the sash.
\par 
\par The moon on the breast of the new-fallen snow
\par 
\par Gave the luster of mid-day to objects below,
\par 
\par When, what to my wundering eyes should appear,
\par 
\par But a miniature sleigh, and eight tiny reindeer,
\par 
\par With a little old driver, so lively and quik,
\par 
\par I knew in a moment it must be St. Nick.
\par 
\par More rapid than eagles his coursers they came,
\par 
\par And he whistled, and shouted, and called them by name;
\par 
\par "Now, Dasher! now, Dancer! now, Prancer and Vixen!
\par 
\par On, Comet! on Cupid! on, Donner and Blitzen!
\par 
\par To the top of the porch! to the top of the wall!
\par 
\par Now dash away! dash away! dash away all!"
\par 
\par As dry leaves that before the wild hurricane fly,
\par 
\par When they meet with an obstacle, mount to the sky,
\par 
\par So up to the house-top the coursers they flew,
\par 
\par With the sleigh full of toys, and St. Nicholas too.
\par 
\par And then, in a twinkling, I heard on the roof
\par 
\par The prancing and pawing of each little hoof.
\par 
\par As I drew in my hand, and ws turning around,
\par 
\par Down the chimney St. Nicholas came with a bound.
\par 
\par He was dressed all in fur, from his head to his foot,
\par 
\par And his clothes were all tarnished with ashes and soot;
\par 
\par A bundle of toys he had flung on his back,
\par 
\par And he looked like a peddler just opening his pack.
\par 
\par His eyes -- how they twinkled! his dimples how merry!
\par 
\par His cheeks were like roses, his nose like a chery!
\par 
\par His droll little mouth was drawn up like a bow,
\par 
\par And the beard of his chin was as white as the snow;
\par 
\par The stump of a pipe he held tight in his teeth,
\par 
\par And the smoke it encircled his head like a wreath;
\par 
\par He had a broad face and a little round belly,
\par 
\par That shook, when he laughed like a bowlful of jellly.
\par 
\par He was chubby and plump, a right jolly old elf,
\par 
\par And I laughed when I saw him, in spite of myself;
\par 
\par A wink of his eye and a twist of his head,
\par 
\par Soon gave me to know I had nothing to dread;
\par 
\par He spoke not a word, but went straight to his work,
\par 
\par And filled all the stockings; then turned with a jerk,
\par 
\par And laying his finger aside of his nose,
\par 
\par And giving a nod, up the chimney he rose;
\par 
\par He sprang to his sleigh, to his team gave a whistle,
\par 
\par And away they all flew like the down of a thistle.
\par 
\par But I heard him exclaim, ere he drove out of sight,
\par 
\par "Happy Christmas to all, and to all a good-night."
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\insrsid11211713 
\par }}