{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1187\cocoasubrtf340
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\info
{\title Little Red Ridding Hood}
{\author Emily Wharton}}\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Instructions:\
\
1. Put this document in Times New Roman font. \
2. Center the title and author and put those lines in 14 point font. \
3. Read the story and then spell check it.\
\
Little Red Ridding Hood\
By Charles Perrault\
\
Once upon a time there lived in a certain village a little country girl, the prettiest creature who was ever seen. Her mother was excessively fond of her;\
and her grandmoter doted on her still more. This good woman had a little red Ridding hood made for her. It suited the girl so extremely well that everybody\
called her Little Red Ridding Hood.\
\
Oneday her mother, having made some cakes, said to her, "Go, my dear, and see how your grandmoter is doing, for I hear she has been very ill. Take her\
a cayke, and this little pot of butter."\
\
Little Red Ridding Hood set out immediately to go to her grandmoter, who lived in another village.\
\
As she was going through the wood, she met with a woolf, who had a very great mind to eat her up, but he dared not, because of some woodcutters working nearby\
in the forrest. He asked her where she was going. The poor child, who did not know that it was dangerous to stay and talk to a woolf, said to him, "I am\
going to see my grandmoter and carry her a cake and a little pot of butter from my mother."\
\
"Does she live far off?" said the woolf\
\
"Oh I say," answered Little Red Ridding Hood; "it is beyond that mill you see there, at the first house in the village."\
\
"Well," said the woolf, "and I'll go and see her too. I'll go this way and go you that, and we shall see who will be there first."\
\
The woolf ran as fast as he could, taking the shortest path, and the little girl took a roundabout way, entertaining herself by gathering nuts, running after\
butterflies, and gathering bouquettes of little flowers. It was not long before the woolf arrived at the old woman's house. He knocked atthe door: tap, tap.\
\
"Who's there?"\
\
"Your grandchild, Little Red Ridding Hood," replied the woolf, counterfeiting her voice; "who has brought you a cake and a little pot of butter sent you by\
mother."\
\
The good grandmoter, who was in bed, because she was somewhat ill, cried out, "Pull the bobbin, and the latch will go up."\
\
The woolf pulled the bobbin, and the door opened, and then he immediately fell upon the good woman and ate her up in a momment, for it been more than three\
days since he had eaten. He then shut the door and got into the grandmoter's bed, expecting Little Red Ridding Hood, who came some time afterwards and\
knocked at the door: tap, tap.\
\
"Who's there?"\
\
Little Red Ridding Hood, hearing the big voice of the woolf, was at first afraid; but believing her grandmoter had a cold and was hoarse, answered, "It is\
your grandchild Little Red Ridding Hood, who has brought you a cake and a little pot of butter mother sends you."\
\
The woolf cried out to her, softening his voice as much as he could, "Pull the bobbin, and the latch will go up."\
\
Little Red Ridding Hood pulled the bobbin, and the door opened.\
\
The woolf, seeing her come in, said to her, hiding himself under the bedclothes, "Put the cake and the little pot of butter upon the stool, and come get\
into bed with me."\
\
Little Red Ridding Hood took off her coat and got into bed. She was greatly amazed to see how her grandmoter looked in her nightclothes, and said to\
her, "Grandmoter, what big arms you have!"\
\
"All the better to hug you with, my dear."\
\
"Grandmoter, what big legs you have!"\
\
"All the better to run with, my child."\
\
"Grandmoter, what big ears you have!"\
\
"All the better to hear with, my child."\
\
"Grandmoter, what big eyes you have!"\
\
"All the better to see with, my child."\
\
"Grandmoter, what big teeth you have got!"\
\
"All the better to eat you up with."\
\
And, saying thesewords, this wicked woolf fell upon Little Red Ridding Hood, and ate her all up.\
}