{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1187\cocoasubrtf390
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f1\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\info
{\title Marsha Sollen}
{\author Default}}\margl1080\margr1080\margb720\margt1080\vieww12540\viewh12960\viewkind1
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0

\f0\fs20 \cf0 \
Spel check the business letter below. Assume that all proper names are spelled correctly.\
\
\
Marsha Sollen\
P.O. Box 9466\
Madison, Virginia 22727
\fs24 \
\
\

\fs20 December 12, 2010\
\
\
Ms. Karen Singer\
506 Tiffany Trails\
Richardson, Texas 75081\
\
Dear Karen:\
\
I appreciated talking with you last week about the posibility of being certified as a sub-contractor trainer with Pritchett.  Enclosed please find a r\'e9sum\'e9 and reccommendation from Milynn Swofford, who contracted my services at Wyeth-Ayerst.\
\
I am impresssed by Pritchett's ability to iddentify the essential concepts necessary for change, understand resistance to the message, and create training tools, which organizations in need of change, will hear.  My years of mannaging an independant business as well as the extensive work I have done with execcutives has prepared me well for this phase of my career.  In the last three months, I have trained over 1000 people in the 
\i Business as Unusual 
\i0 and 
\i Employee Workshop for Organizational Change 
\i0 programs for Pritchett.  Wyeth-Ayerst managers and individual contributors as wel as 
\i Training Department 
\i0 Directors and Co-Trainers have offered excellent evaluations of my work.\
\
The West Coast trip I mentioned is scheduled for the first week of January. However, I could be available if you wanted to meet with me,during the week befor or the week after Christmas.  Please let me know if there are any other pieces you might need in evaluating my aplication.  Thanks for your asistance, Kareen.  I will call you in a couple of days.\
\
Sincerely,\
\
\
\
Marsha Sollen\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0

\f1 \cf0 \
}