{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1038\cocoasubrtf320
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Tahoma;\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww12240\viewh12660\viewkind1
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \'a0\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa120\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\f1\b\fs20 \cf0 From:
\b0  Jan Bailey [mailto:jlb021951@gmail.com] \

\b Sent:
\b0  Friday, November 19, 2010 8:22 AM\

\b To:
\b0  Shawn Mayo\

\b Subject:
\b0  cookies with Sauerkraut in them\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\sa160\ql\qnatural

\f2\b\fs36 \cf0 Don't Ask, Don't Tell Cookies
\f0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\sa240\ql\qnatural

\f2\b0\fs24 \cf0 From Cream Puff Murder by Joanne Fluke
\f0 \

\f2 Preheat oven to 350 degrees F., rack in the middle position.
\f0 \

\f2 Hannah's 1st Note: This is an adaptation of Friar Rudolf's recipe for Chocolate Sauerkraut Cake.
\f0 \

\f2 1 cup softened butter (2 sticks, 8 ounces, 1/2 pound)
\f0 \

\f2 3 cups white (granulated) sugar
\f0 \

\f2 4 large eggs, beaten (just whip them up in a glass with a fork)
\f0 \

\f2 2 teaspoons vanilla extract
\f0 \

\f2 1 cup cocoa powder (plain American cocoa -- I used Hershey's)
\f0 \

\f2 1 teaspoons baking soda
\f0 \

\f2 1 cup buttermilk
\f0 \

\f2 5 cups flour (pack it down when you measure it)
\f0 \

\f2 2 cups chopped (and drained and rinsed) sauerkraut
\f0 \

\f2 Prepare the sauerkraut by rinsing it off with cold water under the faucet, and draining it in a sieve or colander. Rinsing is very important. Make sure you rinse it well. (You will chop it later when it's thoroughly drained.)
\f0 \

\f2 Hannah's 2nd Note: This is easier with
\f0 \

\f2 an electric mixer, but you can do it by hand.
\f0 \

\f2 Beat the softened butter with the sugar until the mixture is light and fluffy. Add the beaten eggs and mix them in thoroughly.
\f0 \

\f2 Mix in the vanilla extract, cocoa powder, and baking soda. Stir (or beat on low speed) until everything is well incorporated.
\f0 \

\f2 Add half of the buttermilk (1/2 cup) and half of the flour (2 1/2 cups). Beat until smooth.
\f0 \

\f2 Add the remaining half of the buttermilk and the remaining half of the flour. Beat until smooth.
\f0 \

\f2 Hannah's 3rd Note: If you used an electric mixer, remove the bowl with the cookie dough. You'll have to add this last ingredient by hand. Even finely chopped sauerkraut tends to wrap itself around the beaters.
\f0 \

\f2 Dump the sauerkraut on a cutting board, and chop it finely with a knife. You can also chop it in a food processor, using the steel blade and a pulsing motion. It's very important to chop it up into tiny little pieces.
\f0 \

\f2 Measure one cup of sauerkraut, packing it down in the cup. Pat the sauerkraut dry with paper towels, and add it to the cookie dough. Stir it in thoroughly.
\f0 \

\f2 Drop dough by heaping teaspoons onto
\f0 \

\f2 cookie sheets that you've greased or sprayed with Pam (or other nonstick cooking spray), 12 cookies per standard-size sheet.
\f0 \

\f2 Bake the cookies at 350 degrees F. for 10 to 12 minutes. Let them sit on the cookie sheet for 1 minute, and then transfer them to a wire rack to cool.
\f0 \

\f2 When the cookies are cool, frost them with Mocha Icing. Yield: 8 dozen delicious cookies
\f0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\sa160\ql\qnatural

\f2\b\fs36 \cf0 Mocha Icing
\f0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\sa240\ql\qnatural

\f2\b0\fs24 \cf0 \'bd cup softened butter (1 stick, 1/4 pound)
\f0 \

\f2 1 cup semi-sweet (regular) chocolate chips
\f0 \

\f2 4 to 6 teaspoons very strongly brewed coffee
\f0 \

\f2 3 to 3 \'bd cups powdered (confectioner's) sugar
\f0 \

\f2 Melt the chocolate chips with 4 teaspoons of the coffee in a microwave-safe bowl for 1 minute on HIGH. Stir, and if the mixture is still lumpy, remove the spoon and microwave it again for an additional 20 seconds. If the mixture is still lumpy, repeat again, stirring after each 20-second interval. When you are able to stir the mixture smooth, set the bowl on the counter to cool to room temperature.
\f0 \

\f2 Once the mixture has cooled to room temperature, stir in the softened butter until smooth.
\f0 \

\f2 Whisk in the powdered sugar, and stir until the mixture is of spreading consistency. If it's too thick, add the remaining 2 teaspoons of coffee. If it's too thin, stir in a little more powdered sugar.
\f0 \

\f2 Frost the cookies and sprinkle on shredded coconut before the frosting has fully set, if you desire.
\f0 \

\f2 Hannah's 4th Note: Lisa just confessed that if she's too tired to frost these cookies, she just dusts them with powdered sugar, plunks half of a maraschino cherry on top, and serves them that way.
\f0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \'a0}