{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1187\cocoasubrtf340
\cocoascreenfonts1{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww13140\viewh13040\viewkind1
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs28 \cf0 Spotlight, Status Menus , & Dock\
\
You access the spotlight menu by pressing command-spacebar.\
This brings up an edit box where you can type in what you are looking for. Spotlight will search many different parts of your computer for all sorts of items. It will search for  documents, mail messages, contacts, applications, and other items.\
\
Use Spotlight to search for the following items. Put an X in front of each of the following that is an application on the computer you are using.\
\
1. Font Book\
2. Chess\
3. Origami\
4. Keychain\
5. Numbers\
6. Media Player\
7. Keynote\
8. iDVD\
9. Road Work\
10. FaceTime\
\
\
The Status Menu contains small icons that represent different computer functions. These items have menus. You can access the status menu by pressing VO-M, m \'97 this means hitting the m key twice while holding down the VO keys. \
\
11. Go to the status menu. List the items you find there below.\
\
12. Go to the Time Machine icon in the status menu. Ask your instructor for the backup drive. Then select back up now from this menu. This will backup the computer so that if it were damaged, the data could be recovered.\
\
\
The dock contains icons that represent commonly used applications and folders. By going to the dock and pressing enter on an item, you can quickly open that item. Hit VO-d or two finger double tap at the bottom of the trackpad to go to the dock.\
\
13. Go to the Dock and find the trash. Hit VO-shift-m to bring up the menu for this item. (This is the equivalent of right-clicking.) Select Empty trash. When the dialog pops up asking you if you are sure, hit ok.\
\
14.  Go back to the dock and find the downloads folder. Bring up the menu for this item and select folder. This will make this  item display as a folder rather than a stack. This makes it easier to access with VoiceOver.\
\
\
Note that hitting any letter will take you to the first item in the dock that begins with that letter.\
You can choose what items are in your dock by adding or removing items, so that the ones you find helpful are there, and no others. To remove an item, go to that item in the dock, press VO-shift-M to bring up its menu, navigate to the options menu and press the "remove from dock" item. \
To add an item to the dock you must first have it open. All open items appear in the dock while they are open. Navigate to the program's dock icon, bring up its menu, go to the options menu, and press keep in dock.\
\
15. Follow the steps above to put TexEdit permanently in your dock and remove any items you don't want to be there.\
\
}