{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1187\cocoasubrtf340
\cocoascreenfonts1{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww12540\viewh9720\viewkind1\viewscale75
\deftab720
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardeftab720\ri0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Searching for Help ONline\
\
1. Suppose you are really annoyed that all of your older Windows Microsoft Word documents open up in Pages. You would rather they opened in Text Edit. Do a Google search to find out how to change the file associations on a Mac. Describe below how you would make this change on your own computer.\
\
2.    Search for how to permanently  change the top row of keys on a MacBook to be the function keys by default rather than the hardware settings keys. Write a description of how to do this below.\
\
3.  Do a Google search to find out if iTunes on the Mac can play WMA files. Can it play them without any conversion  or does it need to import and convert them? Is there another app that could do this?\
\
4. I presume by now you are very annoyed with how Safari opens new webpages in tabs that must be accessed using control-tab instead of control-accent, and how sometimes going between the tabs moves you away from your place on a web page. Google how to change the settings in Safari so that new pages always open up in new windows and never in new tabs. Write up how to make this change and then do it for yourself.\
\
5. If you've ever had to bring up a new finder window, you may have noticed that you end up in a messy list of all your files. There is a way to choose where Finder places you when you bring up a new window. Find out how to make this change, write up the process below, and then change it so that bringing up a new Finder window puts you on your home folder.\
}