{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf760
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
{\info
{\author Helen Stevens}
{\*\company Microsoft}}\margl1440\margr1440\vieww12540\viewh14500\viewkind1
\deftab720
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs28 \cf0 \
Simple Formulas\
\
Formulas can be used to make Excel do your math for you.\
A formula always begins with the equals sign. \
You can add the contents of cell B2 to B3 by writing the formula\
=b2+b3.\
You can divide the contents of cell b2 by 5 by writing the following formula:\
=b2/5\
Using cell references instead of numbers will cause the formula to change when you change the contents of the cell that is referenced. For example, if the formula =b2/5 is written in cell C2 and cell b2 contains the number 45, c2 would be 9. If you change the contents of b2 to 100, the contents of cell C2 would change automatically to 20.\
\
Math symbols:\
+ plus\
- minus\
* times \
/ divide\
\
Open a blank spreadsheet and use formulas to solve the following math problem. Place the answer to #1 in cell A1, #2 in cell A2, etc. \
Write your answer for each step on the blank line below it.\
Save your spreadsheet with the name math.\
\
1. Choose any number\
\
2. Take your number and add 40.\
\
3.  Divide this number by 4.\
\
\uc0\u8721 4. Subtract 10.\
\
5. multiply by 8.\
\
6.  Add 113.\
\
 7.  Multiply by 3.\
\
8.  Subtract 87.\
\
9. Divide by 6.\
\
10.  Subtract your original number.\
\
11. Now go to cell A1 and change your original number to any new number. Explain what happens when you do this. What is the number in cell A10? Why is this?\
\
}